Data Analyst
Dabster
Cork, County Cork, Ireland
Permanent Position

Cork , Ireland

Duties, Functions, Job Description

Your role is Business Analyst. The duties associated with this role are, broadly:
Plan, design, develop, and launch efficient business, financial, and operations systems in support of core organizational functions and business processes.
Gathering and analysing data in support of business cases, proposed projects, and systems requirements.
Generating and compiling reports based on the findings, complete with probable solutions to systems issues.
Proven communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills to help maximize the benefit of effective team collaboration and cross-cultural collaboration.
Analysing and mapping the business requirements.
Assist the data sourcing, managed and consumed within and across business processes.
Define workflows/frameworks for any given business requirement.
Maintaining and improving operational reporting and analyses to implement the best appropriate practices and standards.
Assist the business users and leadership team with prioritization of projects and establishing accurate timelines for project implementation.
Enhancement of existing Reports and Dashboards based on the business needs and demands.
For any given project, implement and maintain internal data management standards and documentation processes for reporting and dash boarding. If necessary, develop new standards in close collaboration with Enterprise systems and other existing business process systems.
Project Management assistance in new projects and business processes.
Skills, Qualifications And Experience Required For This Role
Bachelor's in Mechanical or experience in related and master's in business management.
3+ years' experience.
Hands on with Qlik Sense Business Intelligence Tools.
In depth knowledge on Project Management Methodologies & Concepts.
Knowledge on Data Management & ETL processes.
Certifications in Prince2 Practitioner & ITIL or similar Project Management best practises.
Hands on experience and understating of ERP tools. Example - Oracle's Instantis.
Practical knowledge in importing data for use in Business Intelligence Software,
Spreadsheets, Graphs, and Flow Charts
Ability to establish highly collaborative relationships; strong communication and project management skills
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology