Software Engineer - Python
Bank of America
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Job Description:

Job Title: Software Engineer - Python

LOB: Municipal Banking & Markets Technology

Corporate Title: Vice President

Location: Dublin

Here in our Dublin office we are looking to recruit for a Python Software Engineer to join within our Municipal Banking & Markets Technology space.

Responsibilities will include but not limited to:

Delivering new functionality iteratively
Assisting with testing and deployment of new releases
Providing 3rd level production support
Working closely with traders and operations users, as well as business analysts and project managers in Technology

The Team:

The EMEA GMSP Technology team is based in London & Dublin. The team covers Mortgages, CDO/CLO and Munis technology working with the global team in New York, India and elsewhere.

Technology-wise the team is heavily focused on the bank’s Quartz platform, with coding in principally in Python.

Core Skills:

Extensive experience in Python
Excellent level of experience with SQL
Knowledge of Agile development methodologies
Knowledge of Java, OOP, Object Oriented databases, Oracle, XML
Excellent Communication skillset (written & verbal)
High level of Relationship Management experience

Bank of America

Every day, across the globe, our employees bring a commitment to our purpose and to driving responsible growth by living our values: deliver together, act responsibly, realize the power of our people and trust the team. A key aspect of driving responsible growth is doing so in a sustainable manner, a critical pillar of which is being a great place to work for our teammates.

In line with these values, in EMEA we have 9 Employee Networks, a wide range of Sports & Social clubs, and other development and networking opportunities so that you can enjoy a range of experiences and connect with colleagues across the bank. We also offer exclusive discounts to some of the most iconic cultural experiences for you to enjoy in your spare time outside of work. Learn more about our benefits here.

Good conduct and sound judgment is crucial to our long term success. It’s important that all employees in the organisation understand the expected standards of conduct and how we manage conduct risk. Individual accountability and an ownership mind-set are the cornerstones of our Code of Conduct and are at the heart of managing risk well.

We are an equal opportunities employer, and ensure that no applicant is subject to less favourable treatment on the grounds of gender, gender identity, marital status, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, age, sexual orientation, socio-economic background, responsibilities for dependants, physical or mental disability. The Bank selects candidates for interview based on their skills, qualifications and experience.

We strive to ensure that our recruitment processes are accessible for all candidates and encourage any candidates to tell us about any adjustment requirements. As part of our standard hiring process to manage risk, please note background screening checks will be conducted on all hires before commencing employment.

Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Banking Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology