Data Scientist
Softest Consulting Services Ltd
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Posted by
Surya Patra 2nd
Recruitment Specialist CEO - Founder and Managing Director at SOFTEST Consulting Services Ltd - Recruitment+Technology
Send InMail
The Client:
Our client, one of the leading organisations in Ireland is looking for a “Data Scientist” to work on a Fixed Term Contract basis for about 3 years (extendable) in Monaghan, Ireland.

What You’ll Love:
This role is part of a long term strategic project within the firm, so you will be on a this role with one of the reputed firms in the country.
The role offers excellent Salary and the opportunity to make a great career in Ireland.
An opportunity to take your career to the next level.

This is what you are expected to do:     
Technical lead for the Hub with a hands-on approach, with the responsibility to deliver all technical activities within the company.
Work on use-case definition, resource assets, technical setup, dataset management, core software development, and technical demonstrators.
Work with project research partners (ICHEC, INSIGHT and IMR) and other stakeholders to assist in the timely delivery of The Hub objectives.
Build an online body of knowledge on Digitization relevant to Enterprises in the region.
Maintain awareness of emerging technologies and trends.
Create and deliver training programmes on Digitization for Enterprises.

This is what you are expected to have:                    
Candidates must have a technology, science or engineering primary degree or equivalent, and 5+ years’ relevant work experience. A post graduate qualification in one of the disciplines mentioned is desirable
Knowledge of AI, Machine Learning and Data Analytics technologies and best practices.
Familiarity with Math lab, Azure Machine Learning, Azure Synapse, Python, SQL Server, Deep Learning toolkits such as Café an advantage.
Skilled in Software Project Management Methodologies such as Agile and Waterfall.
Skilled in Defining, Architecting, Technical Blueprinting and working with Software Developers.
A broad understanding of technologies and tools for Software Design, Analysis and Coding such as Azure DevOps.
Strong Analytical skills, problem solving skills and propose solutions to multifaceted problems.
A flexible approach / resourceful / conscientious and self-motivated with a ‘can do attitude’ and an ability to see tasks through to completion.
Excellent written and oral communications skills.
Experience in delivering technical results across diverse disciplines with multiple stakeholders. Able to prioritize workloads and meet deadlines.
Broad work experience in multiple organizations an advantage, such as working in Academia, Large and Small enterprises.
Experienced in working both with people and independently.
Proven time-management skills and highly organized.
Experience of presenting to diverse audiences on Digitization topics.

You are good to apply if you are:
 An Irish national, EU citizen, Stamp4 or Stamp1G (Dependent) visa holder. 
 Not looking for Sponsorship immediately.

Why Should You Apply?
Aside from a highly competitive salary this is a role that will provide a great balance of support and challenge for someone who wants to take the next step in their career.

Interested? Apply here:
If you feel you’ve got the right skills and experience, we would absolutely love to hear from you!
Fill out the form alongside. Do not forget to attach your CV.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Human Resources Information Technology & Services Computer Software
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology Analyst