Software Engineer
Smartbox Group
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Department: Technology

Reporting to: Software Development Manager

Location: Dublin, Ireland

Contract/Permanent: Permanent

Smartbox is seeking an exceptional and passionate back-end Software Engineer to contribute to the success of their Dublin HQ IT team. You will be part of the team building the e-commerce platform that will allow Smartbox to bring online its success in retail. If you’re ready to take on a huge challenge in a company where you can make a great impact, we want to hear from you.

Key Responsibilities/Skills:

Contribute to a variety of projects within the web team, from websites, APIs, bug fixing, building new features, testing all in collaboration with our product teams.
Help enhancing Agile / Lean processes and methodologies to ensure stability, performance and continuous improvement.
Collaborate with members of other departments to transform Smartbox’s IT platform into a state-of-the-art SOA platform.
Provide technical leadership and mentor other members of the team in a very collaborative environment
Develop new features
Develop platform improvements
Improve platform security
Participate in the creation of our system’s architecture
Participate in the maintenance of our systems
Support your code writing unit/integration/api/contract testing
Solve issues and ensure solutions work via automated testing
Participate in regular code reviews and team knowledge sharing activities
Participate in agile ceremonies on a daily basis
Drive code releases
Monitor systems health check

Essential Competencies/Skills:

Considerable experience working as a web developer, you speak PHP better than your mother language, and you love it as much as you hate it
You have extensive experience with Symfony/Laravel/Zend frameworks and you have worked building interfaces to provide reliable SaaS to your clients
You understand that software needs to be properly tested, you think that creating proper automated testing is part of the development. The terms TDD, BDD, unit/contract/api/integration tests are familiar to you, most of them are part of your day to day.
You have deep understanding of the software development lifecycle and have extensive knowledge of relational databases like MySQL, queueing solutions like RabbitMQ, in-memory data structure storage like Redis, sync and async software execution and how to handle high traffic.
Excellent communication skills (fluency in English both written and spoken essential)
Proven stakeholder management experience with the ability to build strong working relationships
Optimistic person, where others see problems you see opportunities.
Strong influencing and negotiation skills – you fight for your ideas, but you also take other peoples opinion into account
Optimistic person, where others see problems you see opportunities.
You are a team player and you like to share your knowledge with your peers.
You challenge yourself every day to make things in a better way, you always try to find an excuse to use a new technology or tool.
You love having fun at work so you strive to create a positive atmosphere.
Bonus points if you are a Symfony expert

*As duties and responsibilities of the post holder change, the job description may be reviewed and amended as appropriate.
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Leisure, Travel & Tourism Hospitality
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology