Software Engineer
Dell Technologies
Cork, County Cork, Ireland
Software Engineer

The Software Engineering team delivers next-generation software application enhancements and new products for a changing world. Working at the cutting edge, we design and develop software for platforms, peripherals, applications and diagnostics — all with the most advanced technologies, tools, software engineering methodologies and the collaboration of internal and external partners.

Join us as a Software Engineer on our Engineering Development team in Cork to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact.

What You’ll Achieve

As a Software Engineer, you will be responsible for developing sophisticated systems and software basis the customer’s business goals, needs and general business environment creating software solutions.

You Will
Develop, test and integrate code for new or existing software while following source code revision control
Troubleshoot software reliability and performance issues
Review requirements, specifications and designs, developing and implementing tests for product quality and performance assurance
Assist with the development and review of (technical) end user documentation
Drive idea generation for new software products or for the next version of an existing product
Take the first step towards your dream career

Essential Requirements

Every Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here’s what we are looking for with this role:
Entry level position requiring basic knowledge of programming languages, operating systems and databases
Debugging skills for simple programs using either written or verbal design specifications
A good understanding of hardware and software interactions
First-hand experience with server, storage, networking and client technologies
Insight into software architectures and applications
Desirable Requirements
First-hand experience gathered during an internship, student job or related professional role
Here’s our story; now tell us yours

Dell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build a brighter digital tomorrow. Our company is made up of more than 150,000 people, located in over 180 locations around the world. We’re proud to be a diverse and inclusive team and have an endless passion for our mission to drive human progress.

What’s most important to us is that you are respected, feel like you can be yourself and have the opportunity to do the best work of your life -- while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, bonus programs, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups, and much more.

We started with computers, but we didn’t stop there. We are helping customers move into the future with multi-cloud, AI and machine learning through the most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. Join us and become a part of what’s next in technology, starting today.

You can also learn more about us by reading our latest Diversity and Inclusion Report and our plan to make the world a better place by 2030 here.

Application closing date: 9th July 2021

Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy here.

Job Id: R105682Job Function: Engineering Development
Industry
Computer Hardware Computer Software Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology Engineering