Data Analyst, WE Applications Sales Programs (IE)
Oracle
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Data Analyst, WE Applications Sales Programs

Objectives:
We’re looking for a Data Analyst who enjoys using their critical thinking skills (more than tool building and data extraction); someone excited about finding patterns amid chaos, someone eager to explore and discover insights within data that can provide real value to our stakeholders.
If you are passionate about owning data-driven initiatives and producing business intelligence that have broad, significant impacts – Join our Sales Programs Team!
 Job Description:
As a member of Sales Programs Team, you will look to answer the following questions:
●     Study what happens now to identify trends and make predictions about future market trends
●     Understand what the data means and present findings to drive actions
●     Ideal Customer Profile, Total Addressable Market, Territory Segmentation
●     Sales Productivity and Campaign Effectiveness
 Responsibilities:
●     Uncover data stories and communicate insights to Sales, Business Development, and Marketing
●     Communicate the results of data analysis in written and verbal form to Management
●     Support various departments in reaching their goals through analysis
●     Review and validate customer data
●     Develop policies and procedures for data collection and analysis
●     Create or discover new data procurement and processing programs
●     Monitor analytics and metrics reports
●     Implement new data analysis methodologies
●     Perform data profiling to identify and understand anomalies
  Preferred Qualifications
●     BA/BS or Master’s degree in Business, computer science and/or related business technical field or equivalent professional experience
●     Hands on experience in SQL
●     Experience in prescriptive and predictive analytics
●     Knowledge of data mining and machine learning
 Basic Qualifications
●     Excellent oral and wirtten communication skills with the ability to organize, analyze and present data in a format appropriate to the intended audience.
●     General knowledge of business operations, objectives, strategies, process and information flow.
●     Keen attention to detail
●     Project and relationship management skills strongly desired.
●     Experience working and problem-solving independently.
●     Abilities to organize and execute workload, priorities and tasks on time.
●     Comfortable with ambiguity and have strong critial thinking skills
●     Proficient industry experience in any programming lanaguage
●     General knowledge on how to implement statistical models, and analytics (Prediction, Classification, Clustering, NLP, ,etc) in big data enviroment
●     Ability to synthesize complex elements into crisp and robust stories for audiences of variable technical levels.
●     Present large and/or complex data to be more accessible, understandable and usable
●     Transform, improve and integrate data, depending on the business requirements
●     Combine the data results set across multiple sources
 Profile:
The ideal candidate will have 2-3 years of data analysis experience with a premier technology or research firm; experience gathering, modeling, analyzing and communicating data insights.
Further, he/she will have complete fluency in English as they will be required to read, write, and speak English.
If you are passionate about owning data-driven initiatives and producing business intelligence that have broad, significant impacts – Join our Team!
 Work & Compensation:
The work hours are flexible. Infrequent travel may be required and can be self-managed, providing a high degree of work-life balance. Compensation will be attractive and highly competitive.
 Location – any of the following:
UK, Ireland, France, BNL, Spain, Romania
  Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Sales Business Development