Senior Data Analyst, Customer Operations
Squarespace
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
At Squarespace, Customer Operations empowers users via scalable self-help tools, personalized support and customer advocacy. As a Senior Data Analyst, you will develop insights and reports to support our customers and advisors' needs. You will work with the Customer Operations leadership team to set KPIs, build dashboards, unlock insights to improve our product, and evaluate the effectiveness of current strategies and workflows. You will also work closely with the Product and Data Engineering teams to help shape our data infrastructure and drive the business forward.

You will be based in our Dublin office and report to the Manager of Insights & Analytics, Customer Operations.

All Squarespace employees are working remotely at this time. We are closely monitoring the status of COVID-19 as we continue our work to build a return-to-work plan that ensures a safe return to our offices and provides flexibility for our employees.

Responsibilities
Develop KPIs, reports, and dashboards using BI/data visualization tools
Perform and communicate impactful analyses, using SQL and R/Python to improve the customer experience and influence Customer Operations and Product roadmap
Raise the skill level of the analytics team through reviewing code, organizing training sessions, and introducing new methods and tools
Analyze text conversations to uncover opportunities to improve conversion and satisfaction
Partner with the Customer Operations and Product teams
Partner with the Data Engineering team in pursuit of better data modeling and data quality


Qualifications
4 + years of experience as a data analyst, data scientist, or in a relevant field
Hands-on experience working with large datasets to transform data to meaningful insights
Mastery of SQL, and experience with R/Python
Experience with dashboarding/BI tools like Chartio, Looker, Tableau
Experience with data cleaning, analysis, and presentation to non-technical partners
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative or logic-driven discipline
Preferred: Advanced degree (Master’s or PhD) in quantitative field
Preferred: Experience with topic modeling and text analytics


About Squarespace

Squarespace makes beautiful products to help people with creative ideas succeed. By blending elegant design and sophisticated engineering, we empower millions of people — from individuals and local artists to entrepreneurs shaping the world’s most iconic businesses — to share their stories with the world. Squarespace’s team of more than 1,200 is headquartered in downtown New York City, with offices in Dublin and Portland. For more information, visit www.squarespace.com/about.

Benefits & Perks
Health insurance with 100% premium covered for you and your dependent children
Flexible vacation & paid time off
Up to 20 weeks of paid family leave
Equity plan for all employees
Retirement benefits with employer match
Fertility and adoption benefits
Free lunch and snacks at all offices
Education reimbursement
Dog-friendly workplace in New York office
Commuter benefit in the form of reduced tax (Ireland) and pretax (US)

Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customer base, but we also strive for the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Computer Software Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Customer Service