Senior Data Scientist
Brightwater
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Posted by
John Howe 2nd
Manager - Data Science & Analytics at Brightwater
Send InMail
Salary: €75,000-€85,000
Bonus: 10%

Description
My client is a global supply chain technology company and they are looking to hire a Senior Data Engineer to join the Research and Development team.
 PURPOSE
The person will be involved as part of a team in creating and executing an overall data strategy for the organization. The ideal candidate will be adept at using data sets to find opportunities to enhance the product capabilities. They will be responsible for finding trends in data sets and developing algorithms to help make raw data more useful to the organisation and its customers. As a Data Engineer the individual will be required to design, develop, and deploy data related solutions for the business and share the results with stakeholders.

This candidate will be required to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines and will need to work with other teams in the organisation to help meet the needs of our customers.

Responsibilities 
Work with stakeholders to determine how to use business data for valuable business solutions
Use predictive models to improve customer experience, product functionality and revenue generation
Manipulate large data sets and use them to identify trends and reach meaningful conclusions to inform strategic business decisions
Set up and maintain the data infrastructures that support business information systems and applications
Provide training and backup to our Service Delivery and Customer project teams who will support our customer base
Actively participate with the wider teams in the organisation (e.g. Management, Sales, Marketing, R&D and Services) to build out the data strategy
  SKILLSETS/COMPETENCIES
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, statistics, engineering, computer science or a related discipline
Proven experience as a Data Engineer
Experience in building Data Lakes and Data Warehouses
Familiarity and experience working with unstructured data that comes from different channels and source
Ability to write robust code (e.g. Python, Java and R) would be desirable
Knowledge of databases (e.g. ORACLE, SQL SERVER, Cassandra, MariaDB) and PL/SQL would be advantageous
Knowledge of the Supply Chain/Logistics industry would be beneficial
Experience of building and applying machine learning techniques and predictive modelling algorithms to business problems.
Knowledge of Machine Learning techniques, including decision tree learning, clustering, artificial neural networks, linear regression etc., and their pros and cons
  Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Logistics & Supply Chain
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology