Remote UX Researcher
MonetizeMore
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
MonetizeMore builds industry leading ad technology that is seen by more than 300M people per month. The company has been running for 11 years achieving consistent double digit growth each year with a team of 190+ spread across the globe.

MonetizeMore offers location and schedule freedom to every one of its team members. That means that you would have the lifestyle autonomy to choose to work from anywhere in the world, during the time of day you prefer. This new-age work lifestyle would enable you to engineer your ideal lifestyle. Say goodbye to endless commutes, stuffy business attire and the arbitrary 9 – 5 work day. Take your life back into your hands by joining the MonetizeMore team!

This is your opportunity to connect with ad monetized publishers, understand their pain points and what drives them. You will have a direct impact on the product roadmap to make PubGuru the #1 tool in ad tech. This position will also get involved with hiring within the engineering department by coming up with sourcing strategies, interviewing candidates, designing test projects and reviewing them.

Join a company culture that rewards innovative thinking, results driven behaviour and strong relationship management. Take your skillset to the next level with some of the best minds in the ad technology industry. Make a real difference with MonetizeMore.

Responsibilities and Duties
Manage each beta feature for efficiency and achieving intended user outcomes
Interview MonetizeMore customers for product feedback
Design product feedback surveys
Participate in sprint planning as the user advocate
Collaborate with multiple departments to ensure great customer experience
Promote user empathy across the Engineering Team
Brainstorm new ways to improve the overall product and user experience
Work in tandem with Product Design with design sprints & prioritization.

Qualifications And Skills
Some programming experience
1+ years of UX research related experience
1+ years of product development
Benefits and Perks
Location freedom (100% remote-working setup).
Create your own schedule.
Competitive compensation package.
If you think you are a good fit to join the MonetizeMore Product Department, please fill the application and give specific reasons that set you apart. We hire people not robots so don’t be afraid to show a little personality ;)

Powered by JazzHR

bvO7KQ6YO2
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology