Data Scientist
Harnham
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Nick Mandella
Senior Manager - Data Science & Machine Learning at Harnham
Send InMail
Data Scientist
London / Fintech
£65,000

OVERVIEW

The Harnham Data Science team are currently working with a fintech company based in London who have achieved notable success in recent years and have won numerous awards for their market-leading product!

They have exciting plans for the next 2 years, including building out a brand new Data Science capability - this position will help to lead that effort!

You will be working within a talented team of Data Scientists, responsible for utilising your knowledge of statistics/machine learning to solve problems in marketing, risk, digital and fraud. 

There is a great culture here, particularly if you are keen to work in a learning environment. 

THE ROLE

On a daily basis you will be:

Experimenting with large datasets, formulating hypotheses and using your statistical/machine learning knowledge to generate insights
Using a variety of the latest tools and technologies (Python/Spark)
Exploring the use of deep learning techniques on complex problems
Competing in the company's annual hackathons to test your skills against other Data Scientists

SKILLS AND EXPERTISE

You must have:

A proven experience in programming with Python
An MSc or Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline (e.g. Maths, Stats, Computer Science, Physics etc)
Knowledge of a database query language (SQL preferred)

SALARY

In this role you could earn up to £65,000 + benefits.

HOW TO APPLY

To be considered for this exciting opportunity, please submit your details using the Apply button on this page. Or for more information regarding other roles please contact Nick Mandella at Harnham.

KEYWORDS

Python, Spark, SQL, machine learning, statistics, statistical analysis, Data Scientist, Data Science, Deep Learning.
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Computer Software Information Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Research Science Information Technology