Data Scientist
BT
Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
Our mission is to break down the barriers of today to release the potential of tomorrow. Join us today and release yours.

About This Role

We’ve always been an organisation with purpose; to use the power of communications to make a better world. You can trace this back to our beginning as pioneers of the world’s first telecommunications company. At our heart we’re a technology company with research and innovation in our bones and a desire to be personal, simple, and brilliant for our customers - those are the values we live by whilst also creating an inclusive working environment where people from all backgrounds can succeed.

Our ability to deliver brilliant personalised experiences for all of our 30m customers is fundamental to our future success. As a business we are investing extensively in the automation of our operations and networks, and in building our base management and data capabilities. This will allow us to take better decisions with data and to act on them in an automated way across all our customer interactions.

In this job, you’ll be accountable for using methodical Data science techniques to measure performance and influence change. You’ll be working closely with other teams in Digital, Commercial and Marketing to successfully apply and quantify these data techniques. You will mine and analyse big data sets using data science techniques, and deliver appropriate outcomes for the business, whether analysis, modelling and/or recommendations. You’ll be able to explain your output clearly to all levels of the business.

You'll Have The Following Responsibilities
Use methodical Data science techniques to select and tune algorithms and quantify performance in a business relevant way
Tell engaging stories using non-technical language and exciting visualisations to influence change
Execute experiments to quantify the performance of algorithms in both digital and physical domains and test business hypotheses
Work with multiple stakeholders to understand the business problem and translate into deliverables
Mine and analysis big data sets, leveraging data science skills and techniques to deliver business benefit
Able to put to use exploratory analysis methodologies to identify patterns and trends to use with the right statistical methods (clustering, PCA, regression, significance testing). You’ll also be happy in the world of machine learning, data mining and algorithm development to seek out new insight
Work with descriptive and predictive analytics (e.g. linear regression & propensity models, customer segmentation, data mining and trigger identification)
Support the business in optimising the use of predictive analytics and targeting across inbound and outbound contact strategies and all customer segments and brands
Input into the data science strategy
You'll Have The Following Skills & Experience

Essential skillsets/Experience:
Experience in data science technologies and ways of working
Skills in Python and SQL
Experience of building & deploying predictive models & AI algorithms
Programming skills and experience with code repositories
Able to clearly communicate latest data and reports to all levels of the organisation
Additional skillsets/Experience:
Working with Cloud platforms (GCP, AWS, Azure)
Benefits

Along with great development and networking building opportunities you will also enjoy:
Competitive salary with great benefits
25 days holiday
Life Assurance
Discounted TV & Mobile Packages
10% On Target Annual Bonus
10% pension contribution
Free BT Broadband & employee discounts
Optional benefits such as dental insurance, healthcare, gym memberships etc.
About BT

BT has a key role in British society, fostering change and leading technology innovation. From delivering the Olympics, to supporting the emergency services, to investing more into research than any other UK technology company, we take pride in everything we do - and in the people who work here.

We're now a global company operating at the forefront of the information age, employing 90,000 people in 180 countries. And we're on a mission. Guided by our core values of Personal, Simple and Brilliant our goal is to help customers, communities and businesses overcome barriers and release their potential.

So, if you're interested in the power of potential, why not join us today and release yours? You can read more here about what it's like to work at BT

How To Apply

It's easy to apply online; you just need a copy of your up-to-date CV and to follow the step-by step process. Don't worry if you need to make changes - you'll have the opportunity to review and edit your work on the final page. We look forward to receiving your application!

COVID-19 Notice: We’ve changed our recruitment process so that we can continue to offer exciting opportunities in BT. We’ve moved to ‘virtual hiring’ until further notice - which includes video interviews and virtual onboarding, to make sure that we maintain candidate and employee safety.

Job function

Marketing and digital

Main location

UK & Ireland-United Kingdom-West Midlands-Birmingham

Schedule

Full-time

Working pattern

Standard

Salary

Competitive with great benefits

Closing date

Aug 13, 2021, 11:59:00 PM
Industry
Telecommunications
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Advertising Marketing Product Management