Data Scientist, Product
Facebook
London, England, United Kingdom
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.

We're looking for data scientists to work on our core and business products (Instagram, Ads, Messaging, Identity, Growth & Engagement, Mobile, Search, Privacy, Payments ) with a passion for Internet technology to help drive informed business decisions for Facebook. You will enjoy working with one of the strongest data sets in the world, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. The perfect candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have some experience in data-driven decision making. You are scrappy, focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product. These positions are located in our London office.

Responsibilities
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with our core/business products
Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities
Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches
The Data Scientist Analytics role has work across the following four areas:
Product Leadership: influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations, communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams and spreading best practices to analytics and product teams
Exploratory Analysis: proposing what to build in the next roadmap, understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends, identifying new levers to help move key metric, and building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems
Data Infrastructure: working in Hadoop and Hive primarily, sometimes MySQL, Oracle, and Vertica, and automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL and Python based ETL framework
Product Operations: Forecasting and setting product team goals, designing and evaluating experiments, monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics, building and analyzing dashboards and reports, building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis, and evaluating and defining metrics
Minimum Qualification
Significant experience doing quantitative analysis
Solid understanding of statistical analysis
Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance
Experience communicating the results of analyses to product leadership teams to influence the strategy
Applied statistics or experimentation (i.e. A/B testing) in an industry setting
BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field. Advanced degrees preferred
Fluency in SQL or other programming languages. Some development experience in at least one scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)
Preferred Qualification
Experience with a statistical package such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc.
Experience with an Internet-based company
Experience with large data sets and distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop) a plus
Industry
Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology