Senior Data Engineer
Eolas Recruitment
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Posted by
Sean Prendergast 2nd
Technical Consultant at Eolas Recruitment
Send InMail
Our Dublin based client are looking for a Senior Data Engineer to join their team on a permanent basis.
Excellent opportunity join with a well known brand who operate on a global scale.
They have invested in building an EMEA IT Hub in Dublin and this position is the latest hire.

Job Responsibilities
Support the Enterprise Analytics solution by ensuring data is clear, mapped properly and efficiently and processed according to business needs and requirements at that time.
Develop technology initiatives to deliver analytics’ and capabilities from data perspective.
Ensure integrity and scalability of implemented solutions
Understanding of EPD information and needs in the context of the business group and overall strategy
Capable of participating in business workshops, leading data streams to help define the data needs
Work closely with various business users and outside vendors to understand business needs
Draw up the following: data definitions, data models, data flows and transformations as required 
Identify, gather and obtain data from multiple sources
Interpret and transform data into expected formats that the business require
Continuous improvement of the user experience and suggest adjustments and alterations based on the data you have gathered
Actively manage the full data lifecycle on a regular basis
Ensure accurate and up-to-date project information with real time data and results
Cooperate in normalizing existing data sets and helping to create rich dimension tables that can be maintained by third parties

Experience Required
Extensive experience in SQL and one of the following databases: Oracle, MSSQL, DB2, PostgreSQL.
Extensive experience in working in AWS environment,
Knowledge of Glue and Redshift would be a big advantage
Experience with ETL (IICS, IDQ) and DWH/ BI projects.
Knowledge and working experience with Informatica technology (Informatica IDQ, MDM, PowerCenter, IICS)
Knowledge and working experience with BI tools (PowerBI, Tableau, Qlik etc.)
Knowledge and working experience of AI / Machine Learning solutions would be an asset

Essential and Desirable Skills
Need to have 3-4 years’ experience working as DWH/BI senior analyst or a similar role
Ideally completed two full cycles of global analytics projects.
An advantage if you’re certified in one SAP functional module.
Advantage if you have completed one end-to-end ERP SAP implementation cycle.
Experience in Data Governance projects would be a plus
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology