Data Engineers
Hortor Limited
London, England, United Kingdom
Summary

In Customer Insights our mission is to create a competitive advantage by building a clear
understanding of customers’ total travel behavior. One of the foundational tasks to deliver this is to
create a source of truth in the company for Trips Data, both at a transactional and Customer level.
Some of the main projects to deliver this involve connecting data from different products, bringing
the connected trip to life in our databases, metrics and insights, creating a data warehouse,
applying use cases of this data to the business such as cross selling opportunities and many more to
come.

As a Data Engineer, you are responsible for the development, performance, quality, and scaling of our data pipelines, with a special focus on data quality. You will work independently and will also be responsible for making technical decisions within a team.

Important Aspects of The Job Include
Rapidly developing next-generation scalable, flexible, and high-performance data pipelines.
Solving issues with data and data pipelines, prioritizing based on customer impact.
End-to-end ownership of data quality in our core datasets and data pipelines.
Experimenting with new tools and technologies to meet business requirements regarding
performance, scaling, and data quality.
Providing tools that enhance Data Quality company wide.
Providing self-organizing tools that help the analytics community discover data, assess
quality, explore usage, and find peers with relevant expertise.
Acting as an intermediary for problems, with both technical and non-technical audiences.
Contributing to the growth of our organization through interviewing, on-boarding, or other
recruitment efforts.

Key skills
We are looking for driven Data Engineers who enjoy solving problems, who initiate solutions and discussions, and who believe that any challenge can be scaled with the right mindset and tools.
The ones that fit us best are the people who match the following requirements:

Minimum of 3 years of experience in the field, using 2 or more server-side programming languages -- preferably Java, Python, Perl, etc.
Experience with building scalable data pipelines in distributed environments with technologies such as Hadoop, Cassandra, Kafka, Spark, HBase, MySQL, etc.
Knowledgeable about data modeling, data access, and data storage techniques.
Understands and can develop streaming processing applications using technologies like
Flink, Kafka-Streams, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Hands-on experience of developing in and contributing to open-source data technologies,
such as Hadoop.
Demonstrable experience with SQL, HQL, CQL, etc.
Experience of working on systems on large scale.
Good understanding of basic analytics and machine learning concepts.
Preferably a university degree in Computer Science.
Excellent communication, written and spoken.
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Contract
Job Functions
Information Technology Other