Data Scientist - 9 month FTC
Virgin Media
Manchester, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Rach W.
Recruitment Partner at Virgin Media O2
Send InMail
Function:
Business Intelligence and Data Science

Closing Date:
16/07/2021
We’re on the lookout for an established Data Scientist to join us here at Virgin Media on a 9 month fixed term contract. You’ll be proactively working within Network Expansion to promote Data Science and answer the key business questions. The role will entail responsibility for the team’s development of analytics and predictive intelligence. To do this you will be using innovative solutions and interactive mediums to illustrate the output into insight that can be tailored and communicated for all levels across the business.

So that's what you'll get up to, but what about us?

Well, we're super proud of our history, helping communities to stay connected with oodles of top-notch products and services. We offer the full works – broadband, TV, mobile and landline – equipping our customers out with the very latest tech. But it's not just what we do, but why we do it that really matters. Our mission is to become the most recommended brand, by our people and our customers. An extensive part of that journey is about how we ensure that our forward-thinking people have a working environment in which they can truly belong and thrive. For us, it's critical that every single person can bring, and be, their whole selves at work, and we're working hard every day to achieve this.

Tell me more, tell me more…

Another aspect of the role, will be to develop and build models, using data science techniques and innovative modelling, to provide analysis and insight using existing/new data across the division. It's all about being an interactive teammate and ensuring alignment across all partner groups in the division and wider Virgin Media business. This will aid creation of predictive models and key insights that allows for critical and strategic decision making.

The must haves:

Proven experience working extensively with data and providing insight to key business partners
Strong understanding of statistical computing languages (R or Python preferred) as well as a detailed understanding of SQL
Strong communication skill, with ability to explain complex techniques and findings to non-technical audience


Other stuff we're looking for:

Sound planning skills with the ability to foresee potential issues and implement change and contingencies as appropriate
Excellent technical understanding of data models, data interrogation, manipulation and reporting/dashboard tools
Demonstrable success in using research and data science to influence strategic and tactical decision making


What's in it for you?

We know that benefits mean so much more than the 'stuff' we can give you, so we offer a wide range of support, rewards and tools - we're passionate about helping you to prioritise what really matters.

All work and no play just isn't our style! We're already planning our future ways of working, for when life becomes a little more normal again. We're always evolving our approach to enable you to find an excellent work life balance.

If you go on to be successful in your application, some of the many benefits include:

25 days' annual leave, plus UK bank holidays.
Access to wellbeing benefits such as the Unmind App, personal medical cover (which you can opt to upgrade to cover loved ones) and critical illness cover.
Your birthday off, to treat yourself.
The option to buy and sell up to 5 days leave, to suit your personal needs.


Next Steps

If you think you've got some outstanding skills to offer us, and Virgin Media feels like a place where you can belong, we'd love to learn more about you. When you apply, you'll be asked about any adjustments you might need to support the recruitment process. Let us know, and we'll be sure to discuss it with you. Thanks for your patience in the meantime and for showing an interest in joining the Virgin Media family.

Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Telecommunications Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology