UX Researcher
Globalization Partners
Galway, County Galway, Ireland
As the leader in the Employer of Record industry, our focus at Globalization Partners is on GROWTH – growth of our customers, our business, and our people. We are committed to providing our employees with opportunities for success at every stage in their career.

People are the heartbeat of the company and the key to making Globalization Partners an inclusive and fun place to work – a collaborative environment where you can make a real impact and love the work you’re doing!

What You Will Do

Globalization Partners is seeking a UX Researcher to be the voice of our users and to help with the growth of our employer of record solutions. You will do so by conducting and exploring the behaviours and motivations of our users through a variety of quantitative and qualitative research methods. Your research will help us create useful new products and features as well as continually innovate on our existing products. You’ll inspire change at all stages of product development and have a direct impact on our product roadmap.
Lead and conduct user research to help shape understanding of our users, their needs, motivations and how they use our product
Define, plan, and execute impactful research on multiple aspects of our products and experiences throughout different stages of the product life cycle
Work across multiple teams using various research methodologies
Present and communicate user research and recommendations to teams and stakeholders
Support and mentoring other members of the UX team
Support and develop best practices, research methodologies and frameworks to drive efficiency across the organisation
Be an advocate for the customer and foster a shared understanding of a customer first approach in the organization
Summarising and presenting back findings to stakeholders in a clear and concise way
Evangelising User Research practice and findings throughout the organisation
Working cross functionally between our Product and Business Intelligence teams to help flesh out our understanding of our users and their behaviour
Sourcing and proposing new tools for research that the UX and PM team can use


What We Are Looking For
3+ years experience driving user research for SaaS products
You have significant hands-on experience across exploratory and evaluative qualitative and quantitative research methods.
Strong verbal and written communication
Ability to communicate research insights to different stakeholders concisely and persuasively
You are naturally curious and enjoy tackling complex problems
Experience working in an Agile environment


About Globalization Partners

Hire anyone, anywhere, quickly and easily.

Globalization Partners AI- driven, automated, fully compliant global Employer of Record platform technology is transforming how companies hire talent around the globe. Our industry-leading proprietary technology simplifies onboarding and managing employees anywhere in the world.

With easy-to-use dashboards and a mobile-ready payroll authorization system, our customers can safely and securely access crucial HR documents and authorize and approve global payroll faster than ever.

Globalization Partners: Breaking Down Barriers for Everyone, Everywhere
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology