Senior data scientist
Ricardo plc
England, United Kingdom
UK Home-based role or from one of our UK offices



At Ricardo Energy & Environment, we work to create a world fit for the future. If you're interested in having a real impact on improving the environment, we would love to talk to you!

You will be joining our newly formed and fast-growing Data Science team. You will work across the business in order to implement innovative solutions and provide leadership on best practices in statistical modelling and machine learning approaches.

You will collaborate with our environmental experts to identify opportunities to create new products and services, as well as helping to shape and drive the wider Data Science strategy. Our work touches on many aspects of sustainability. This ranges from helping to monitor and understand air quality in cities, to exploring the environmental impact of new technologies, to informing better water and energy use, and to minimising waste.



This is an exciting and rewarding place to work, with the opportunity to make a difference. What sets us apart is our People. You will work with an exceptional team of talented, dedicated and supportive individuals. You will have a fantastic opportunity to develop your career with us through our broad range of projects, mentoring opportunities and a personalised approach to your learning and development

Key competencies and experience:

Proven knowledge and experience of productising machine learning models and data analysis workflows
5+ years programming in Python
5+ years of experience using relational & non-relational database platforms
Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to engage and manage internal and external stakeholders
Experience in growing, inspiring and upskilling colleagues
No previous experience in the environmental sector is necessary, but a passion for what we do is essential

Our People are important to us and we take pride in our wellbeing programmes and policies that support individuals including flexible working, carers policy, mental health first aiders and readily available support through our extensive Employee Assistance programme.

Ricardo Energy & Environment has an ambitious diversity, equality and inclusion approach as explained by our CEO.

Once you have submitted your application a member of our Recruitment Team will be in touch. Please be aware that the timing can vary dependent on the volume of applications that we receive for each role and in some cases, we may start to review applications prior to the closing date.

Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Computer Software Environmental Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Consulting Information Technology