Data Analyst
The Guardian
London Area, United Kingdom
Posted by
Karen Walter
Recruitment Manager at Guardian News & Media
Send InMail
Guardian Media Group (GMG) is a leading global media organisation, the publisher of the Guardian, which celebrates its 200th anniversary in 2021, the Observer and the Guardian.com, which attracts over 200 million global unique browsers each month. We are renowned for our ground-breaking independent journalism and our award-winning digital products.

We are now looking for a Data Analyst for a 9 month FTC to help lead and innovate in analytics best practice.

About The Role

You will produce excellent analysis through effective collaboration using your data analytics skills.
Work closely with data science and data design to define requirements.
Work compliantly and ethically within Data Privacy policy.

About You

Highly numerate with an applied understanding of statistical concepts such as averages, variance, standard deviation, correlation, distribution types, and significance.
Experience in a hands-on data analysis role including using big data environments and SQL programming with an interest to learn other languages such as Python.
Good knowledge and experience of using of data visualisation tools (ideally to include Tableau).


How to apply
To apply, please upload your latest CV and a cover letter which outlines why you’d love to take on this role, and why you’re a great match for what we’re looking for.

The closing date for applications is Thursday 15th July 2021.

About Us
The Guardian offers a competitive benefits package including a generous pension, healthcare, dental insurance options, cycle to work scheme and 2 paid volunteering days per year. 
We have a strong commitment to your learning, development and wellbeing, with hundreds of different courses available - ranging from bite-sized e-learning courses, to on-site workshops and professional certifications.

It’s the talent, energy and commitment our people bring to our business that make us who we are. Across our business we have some of the brightest and best people in media and beyond: award winning journalists, cutting edge commercial teams, industry leading digital talent and much, much more. 

We are a vibrant and diverse community with many events groups and forums to get involved in. Our Kings Place offices overlook Regents Canal, with the newly-developed Coal Drops Yard, Granary Square and St Pancras Square shops, restaurants and pop-ups.

We value and respect all differences (seen and unseen) in all people at the Guardian. We aspire to inclusive working experiences and an environment that reflects the audience we serve, where our people have equal access to career development opportunities, their voices are heard and can contribute to our future. The Guardian actively encourages applications from BAME candidates.

At The Guardian, many of our staff work flexibly and we will consider all requests for flexible working arrangements.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Publishing Newspapers Online Media
Employment Type
Contract
Job Functions
Information Technology Analyst