Data Scientist
PayPal
London, England, United Kingdom
Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

Job Description Summary
:
Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying, or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo, and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies, and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Our global sales transformation is in full swing. We embarked on a path of transforming and building a world-class sales organization earlier this year. Our team helps to power PayPal’s high-growth Sales organization by delivering actionable insights and business intelligence at scale to all levels of the business - our customers, our front-line Sales teams, and our executive leadership team. In this role, you will lead a team to develop solutions for complex, ambiguous, and high-visibility business challenges. You will set and execute a vision for your team that reflects your deep analytical expertise. You will be a thought partner to sales leadership teams. You will partner with these teams to understand the insights they require to manage and grow their business and leverage cross-functional teams to develop and land solutions that meet their needs at scale. You are deeply curious and persistent in gaining knowledge about our products and go-to-market strategy. You will have exposure and visibility to PayPal sales executives, as you work with them to understand their needs and promote solutions that your team develops. We are a team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic, and client-focused members. If you are a fast learner, are willing to learn and grow, have a can-do attitude, and want to solve problems in the most pragmatic way, we would like to talk with you.

Job Description
:
Responsibilities
:
Provide business requirements and collaborate with internal teams on data capture strategy that will support advanced analyses and insights on sales pattern and consumer behavior
Design and implement data-driven systems that increase sales success
Explore new data sources to add signal to existing models and develop models for new sales opportunities
Define key sales performance metrics and create dashboards and reports that provide ongoing insight to business stakeholders
Perform ad-hoc and in-depth analyses and then report/present insights
Surface insights on the sales conversion pipeline, customer segmentation, and customer success
Develop advanced and predictive models such as customer segmentation, lead prioritization, churn prediction and assist sales teams in using these models
Automate analyses and build analytics data pipelines via SQL and python based ETL framework
Creating forecasts using operational and statistical tools and models
Partner with regional heads of sales to develop a regional sales strategy

Minimum Qualifications
:
MS/PhD Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Engineering, Economics
2+ years of experience in sales analytics
Experience in querying and manipulating raw datasets for analysis
Experience with visualizations, dashboards, and reports
Experience with data modeling, machine learning algorithms, and data science techniques,
Experience explaining technical concepts and analysis implications to varied audiences and translating business objectives into analyses
Experience working independently and as a member of a cross-functional team
Experience with Tableau
Experience with Salesforce.com (good to have)

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.

REQ ID R0070168
Industry
Computer Software Financial Services Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology