Analytics Engineer
QuantSpark
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Aurora Jee
Talent Acquisition Manager looking for top strategy analysts and developers for Quantspark!
Send InMail
Who we are

QuantSpark is a strategic data science and analytics consultancy based in London. Our mission is to create strategic value for our clients through advanced analytics. We deeply care about the commercial impact of our work and this entrepreneurial approach informs everything we do. After 5 years of growing QuantSpark incrementally we are now looking to accelerate our growth as we scale up in 2021. As well as increasing the team size we are looking to increase the specialist knowledge within our Analytics team.

We're a close-knit, friendly team who thrive solving problems together - our core way of working is collaborating between our Analytics, Model Engineering, and Development teams. We are also an equal opportunities employer and strongly encourage the broadest possible range of applicants for this role. More than anything else we look for team members who are passionate about solving business problems and enjoy supporting clients in transforming their businesses.

We are now looking for an enthusiastic and highly technically proficient Data Engineer to work at the heart of our Analytics team alongside our entrepreneurial CEO to propel QuantSpark to the next stage of our growth as a small business.
Our Approach

We combine the commercial insight of strategy consulting with the rigour of advanced analytics and scalability of software engineering. Our Analytics and Software Development teams work in harmony to help our clients to realise the value of data based on coherent data strategy and deployment of high-impact analytics solutions whether that be through our Analytics Diagnostic, visualisation services, predictive modelling, or bespoke software development. Our core practices serve clients in the Consumer (Retail, Grocery, Fashion), B2B / Recurring Revenue (SaaS), and the Private Equity industries.
What we do

For our clients we develop foundational analytics (data architecture, business intelligence), deploy advanced analytics and predictive models, and build data-driven software to solve specific high-impact commercial problems. All of this is underpinned by our commercial approach to identifying analytics solutions that will drive meaningful value for our clients. This is guided by our Analytics Diagnostic and results in an Analytics Value Creation Plan that provides the roadmap for strategic transformation through data analytics.
What the role is about

Before embarking on predicting analytics projects, it is vital that we develop best-in-class data architecture to support the foundational layer of descriptive analytics. To this end we are looking for an experienced Data Engineer to work within our Analytics team to develop ETL processes and data pipelines between cloud and on-prem data systems and build cloud-based data warehouses / data cubes.

As an Analytics Engineer you enable the Analytics team to accelerate work in developing dashboards in Microsoft PowerBI, Tableau, and other BI solutions. By developing data cleansing routines and by consolidating data in centralised cloud-based data warehouses you will also enable the Model Engineering team in their work to model and analyse large datasets which often includes systematic errors in need of automated cleansing scripts. You will also support the Development team in optimising data pipelines and architectures supporting our own range of SaaS products and bespoke tool development projects.

To succeed in this data engineering position, you must be able to extracting data from a broad range of cloud and on-premise data systems and integrating this into purpose-built data warehouses and data cubes. We're especially interested in candidates who have experience integrating datasets from a broad range of systems and databases - one example of many: we might connect a SQL database with a Python runtime environment and integrate with SAP and Salesforce.



The future of this role

QuantSpark is growly quickly so it's hard to predict how this role will grow and change over time. However, what we can say is that there will be significant opportunities for learning and development as the business grows.



Responsibilities

Analyse existing data architectures and provide advice on how to build effective ETL processes, pipelines, data connectors, and data warehouses / data cubes
Build bespoke data connectors from existing databases and systems and integrate with purpose-built data cubes in the major cloud platforms
Develop client Single Customer Views (SCVs) in a variety of mainstream platforms
Reconcile differences in datasets with a view to ensure that the updated data architecture provides accurate reporting
Identify systematic errors in large datasets and build automated data cleansing scripts
Engage collaboratively with client technical teams to deploy updated data architectures
Enable the Analytics team to be more effective in developing descriptive and predictive analytics solutions

Requirements:
Our teams thrive because of the diverse and creative way we approach problems along with our focus on cross-team collaboration. For this role we're looking for a team member who has great interpersonal skills and enjoys engaging with client teams to help support their data analytics journey.
More than other roles, as a Data Engineer you will be working closely with the client's technical and IT teams - diplomacy and warmth goes a long way to ensure successful project engagements.

Technical Requirements

Minimum of three years' experience as Data Engineer or in a similar functional role
Knowledge of building data warehouses on the major cloud-based platforms such as Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure, AWS Redshift, Snowflake
Experience of building bespoke data connectors and working with 3rd party APIs e.g. Skyvia, Stitch to extract and connect data from client CRMs, financial systems, sales systems, HR systems
Ability to work creatively with a broad range of CRMs and ERPs
Experience with relational database design and advanced ability in SQL
Experience creating server environments and building architecture required to support data analytics
Attention to detail and ability to cleanse complex datasets by identifying systematic errors and automating cleansing scripts
Experience with data cleansing at scale
Advanced coding skills in Python and/or R are essential
Data Engineering certification (e.g IBM Certified Data Engineer) is a plus

Benefits:
£60k- £70k salary (dependent on experience)
Private healthcare with Vitality
Pension scheme
Work from home flexibility
Your own high-end Mac Pro
25 days holiday (plus bank holidays)
Cycle to work scheme; Various discounts including on gyms and cinema tickets
Annual training and conference budget
Working with a great team of enthusiastic, entrepreneurial, and driven colleagues



We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status.

Desired Skills and Experience
AWS
Data engineering
Python
R
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Management Consulting
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology