Data Scientist 3
Oracle
London, England, United Kingdom
Job Description

The Oracle Adaptive Intelligence team is looking for a Data Scientist who wants to help us build the next generation of Adaptive Intelligent Applications using Oracle Cloud.

This is a unique opportunity to build innovative machine learning products in the Oracle Cloud that power the world's largest businesses.

Detailed Description

The ideal candidate is expected to have a bias for action, strong experience in Data Science & Machine Learning and to be comfortable closely collaborating with other teams in Oracle such as engineering, OCI & Fusion Cloud operations. Among other things the selected candidate will be expected to:
Pull data from various sources and present analyses to non-technical and technical stakeholders
Generate ML models using customer data and select the appropriate and most efficient algorithm for the given problem
Work with engineering team to put ML models into production and deliver world class AI applications


Job Requirements

We are looking for brilliant individuals who are eager to learn and grow with a strong machine learning background and a proven track record of designing and developing production systems.

Role Description
Build machine learning models through all phases of development, from design through training, evaluation, validation, and implementation in production.
Partner closely with other data scientists and data engineers to help inform, build, and test hypotheses delivering actionable insights.
Apply understanding of advanced machine learning practices to enhance product performance.
Partner with a cross-functional team of data scientists, software engineers, and product managers to deliver products.
Facilitate data-driven and informed decision making and prioritization.
Translate business questions into actionable research.
Have a good understanding of general business trends and directions to be able to put your own work in the broad business context.


Qualifications
MS/PhD in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or other quantitative fields.
3+ years of hands-on technical experience in a data science role.
Working knowledge of NLP such as entity recognition, embedding models, semantic models, etc.
Experience in delivering data science solutions in multiple tenancies is a plus.
Extensive experience coding and building solutions using Python.
Extensive experience with statistical packages such as scikit-learn, spaCy, NumPy, etc.
Working knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes.
Experience exploring large amounts of information, extracting insights, and achieving real-world results.
Ability to dig-in, understand the data, and to use creative thinking and problem-solving skills to design scalable and robust solutions.
Demonstrated track record of starting and leading interdisciplinary research and engineering projects.
Strong communication skills and values building strong relationships with colleagues and partners as well as the ability to explain sophisticated topics in straightforward terms.

This is a great opportunity, come join us!
Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse ?big data? sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement.

Interacts with product and service teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis and experiments. Develops and codes software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments to product, service, and business managers.

Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 5 years relevant work experience. BS/BA preferred.

As part of Oracle's employment process candidates will be required to successfully complete a pre-employment screening process. This will involve identity and employment verification, professional references, education verification and professional qualifications and memberships (if applicable).

About Us

Innovation starts with inclusion at Oracle. We are committed to creating a workplace where all kinds of people can be themselves and do their best work. It’s when everyone’s voice is heard and valued, that we are inspired to go beyond what’s been done before. That’s why we need people with diverse backgrounds, beliefs, and abilities to help us create the future, and are proud to be an affirmative-action equal opportunity employer.

Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology