Business Analyst Intern
Rakuten Viber
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Milena Dunev
Talent Acquisition Specialist at Rakuten Viber
Send InMail
Viber is one of the most popular apps in the world, and the most downloaded app to have come out of the start-up nation. Working with Viber is a unique opportunity to influence the hundreds of millions of people using our messaging app. Our Data Analyst team provides an understanding of how millions of users interact with our products. As a Data Analyst, you will be part of the marketing team and deliver insights that translate directly into business growth. 
Working hand-in-hand with the global managers for each region, you will spot new opportunities, challenge the status quo, and present your findings back to the broader leadership team. We are looking for a curious, hands-on individual with both technical skills (SQL, Python / R, and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Excel, Looker, etc) and a business mindset.

Responsibilities
Work with various teams within Viber (Product, Marketing, CRM, Tech) to identify opportunities, drive measurements, and draw actionable business insights
Work with big data in a complex business
Work with data from multiple sources within Viber’s data ecosystem (Tableau dashboards, Mixpanel, Appannie, etc.) to deliver insights
Perform ad hoc analyses to support the business 
Measure campaign performance through A/B testing
Think scalably and drive automation where possible
Pursue data quality, troubleshoot data issues, and provide solutions where possible

Requirements
BSc degree (or higher) in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or any other quantitative field
Good command of Excel
Analytical and curious
Willingness to learn on the job
Experience with Python or R
Familiarity with SQL or ETL processes is a plus
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

About the program: 
We're looking for talented, emerging talent to join the Viber team as part of our 2021 Global TEAM Internship program! As an intern, you will have the opportunity to work with experienced professionals globally. Our goal is to help you learn about the tech/messaging world, develop and refine your skills in the area of expertise. We've structured the program to provide each intern a TEAM, which consists of a Lead Mentor (manager), and two support Mentors to cater to the ever-changing landscape of WFH vs in-office. You'll be joined by interns from around the world!
Our internship is a 6-month program starting in July/Aug. We are looking forward to bringing on individuals who are finishing up their university studies, or recent graduates.
Seniority Level
Internship
Industry
Internet Telecommunications Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Research Analyst Information Technology