Product Quality Data Specialist
Kingfisher plc
Paddington, England, United Kingdom
Overview

This is a permanent position which can be based in our London Paddington, Southampton or France Templemars (Lille) office!
 We’re Kingfisher. You might know us as B&Q, Screwfix, Castorama, Brico Depot or Koçtaş. We’re made up of over 78,000 passionate people, call over 1,300 stores home and operate in 8 countries. That’s right, we’re big, but we have ambitions to become even bigger and even better. We want to become the leading home improvement company and grow the largest community of home improvers in the world.

About the role

We have a great opportunity for a Product Quality Data Specialist to join us in our Quality Function here at Kingfisher Plc. The purpose of this role is to improve the OEB (Own Exclusive Brand) offer by monitoring and reporting on Quality, Brand & Content performance and making recommendations on potential improvement opportunities.
 Identifying the most relevant Quality, Brand & Content KPIs which will provide the insight required to improve the OEB offer and the customer perception of the OEB offer. Identify and benchmark performance against vendor brands
Identifying available data sources and developing tools to extract, cleanse, merge and transform the data into simple, accurate, easy to understand dashboards.
Continuously assess the effectiveness and quality of data sources and gathering techniques. Improve process and reporting using latest practice and tools
Providing significant contributions to process improvement across Kingfisher by translating the data findings into actionable insight & recommendations and sharing the insight & proposed recommendations with key stakeholders.
Training non-specialist teams in the use of delivered tools / dashboards so they can carry out their own analysis and gain more detailed insight on specific areas.
 
About you

This is a great opportunity for a commercially astute data analyst, who is curious and can be the voice of the customer! The ideal person will be confident in the following:
 Proven ability to manipulate, interpret & analyse data
Strong understanding of data science with good programming skills
Proficient in using a number of different IT systems and Analytics tools such as: SAP, Business Object, Business Intelligence, PowerBI
Ability to communicate effectively at all levels and in different forms
Sound Commercial/Business knowledge 

What we offer
 In return, we offer an inclusive environment, where what you can achieve is limited only by your imagination! We encourage new ideas, actively support experimentation, and strive to build an environment where everyone can be their best self. 

We also offer a competitive benefits package and plenty of opportunities to stretch and grow your career. Interested? Great, we can’t wait to hear from you.
   Closing Date: 23/07/2021
Industry
Retail
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Analyst Quality Assurance