Data, Analytics & AI Apprentice
Mars
Slough, England, United Kingdom
Data, Analytics & AI Apprentice, Slough

Starting salary £24,000 per annum + Annual Bonus + Benefits

September, 2021 Start Date

At Mars we believe the world we want tomorrow starts with how we do business today. Our bold ambitions must be matched with actions today from our 130,000 Associates in 80 countries around the world, providing our World-renowned brands across Mars Wrigley, Mars PetCare and Mars Food, including M&M’S®, SNICKERS®, PEDIGREE®, ROYAL CANIN® and DOLMIO®.

This is an exciting opportunity to join Mars Digital Technologies as a new Data, Analytics & AI Apprentice working towards the Data Analyst Level 4 Standard. The role will sit within the Strategic Initiatives & AI team, supporting the creation and development of data and analytics solutions across the globe.

In this role you will partner with the business to find specific problems through design thinking, analyse and solve them using Data Science and AI and deliver solutions using an agile, data driven approach. You will be responsible for collecting, organising and visualising data, which will empower our business stakeholders with the right information and insight to solve their business challenges and determine opportunities. You will also lead and facilitate design thinking and manage Scrum Teams as a Scrum Master.

What are we looking for?
Level 2 Qualification OR a GCSE or equivalent at grade C (4) or above in English and Maths
Level 3 qualification (A level, BTEC or equivalent)
Ideally at least 3 months of continuous work experience
You will have a creative mindset, constant curiosity and a passion for learning

What would be your key responsibilities?

In This Role You Will
Work alongside the Business Translators and Data Scientists to collect, organise and study data
Find patterns and insights in data to create products that provide tangible action for our business partners
Manage, cleanse, abstract and aggregate data before using your results to make recommendations
Support building visualisations that answer user problems
Support the team to drive the overall analytics and data pipeline
Be part of a Product Team utilising Agile and Scrum techniques

After 15 months you will have completed the Level 4 Data Analyst standard.

What can you expect from Mars?
An industry competitive salary and benefits package, including excellent pension.
A company that understands the importance of a work-life balance.
The chance to take hold of your own career and develop personally and professionally.

Closing date: 23rd July, 2021

To open up a dialogue, please click on the APPLY button below. We look forward to hearing from you!

Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Consumer Goods Food & Beverages Food Production
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology