Business Intelligence Engineer
Otrium
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Mukul Sharma 2nd
Talent Acquisition tech partner at Otrium
Send InMail
About this role
As a BI Engineer, you will play a pivotal role in ensuring data-driven decision-making at Otrium. You will be a part of the growing Business Intelligence team and work on maintaining & elevating the data warehouse, building big data ETL pipelines, creating dashboards, and answering complex questions about our customers and our business.

About Otrium
Founded and headquartered in Amsterdam, we’re a purpose-led business – we believe all clothing should be worn.
Right now, lots of fashion stays unsold. For the resources that went in and for the people who miss out, it’s such a shame. We’re here to fix this. We are an online fashion outlet marketplace and we tech-enabled designer brands to find an owner for every item they produce.
We give brands an online outlet channel and digital tools to smartly connect dynamically-priced end-of-season collections with fashion lovers. Then we give them the data so they can reproduce the most wanted items.
Our app re-imagines outlet shopping helping customers easily find reduced-price gems. We give end-of-season fashion a new start, which is smarter for the wardrobe, smarter for the wallet and smarter for the industry.

Responsibilities
You will develop robust end-to-end BI & Analytics solutions according to requirements or proactively to support a variety of stakeholders make data-driven decisions
You will be the go-to person for all aspects of the DWH (single source of truth) –design, performance, data quality
You will build and optimize ‘big data’ ETL pipelines in Spark - consolidate data relating to the business from disparate sources, collaborate with teams to integrate more data sources
You will leverage analytics & machine learning to answer complex questions about our customers and our business
You will create dashboards with actionable insights and identify process improvement opportunities
You will ensure that company-wide reporting & department-specific reporting is available in a timely manner
The BI team’s technology stack –Redshift, Spark, Looker, R/Python

Experience, knowledge & skills
3+ years of professional experience in a comparable BI Engineer or Data Engineer role
Profound understanding of databases (relational, column-based, NoSQL), DWH design, SQL querying, and optimization
Experience with big data tools and writing code for big data ETL pipelines using Spark/Scala/Hadoop
Experience in performing complex analyses, statistical techniques, and implementing machine learning models in Python/R
Dash-boarding & storytelling skills (experience in Looker would be an advantage)
Working knowledge of scalable BI&A infrastructure, APIs, workflow management tools, message queuing, stream processing, and ‘big data’ data stores
Bonus points for relevant Master’s degree with a strong quantitative orientation (e.g., business, economics, tech, data, econometrics, mathematics, physics);
Bonus points for relevant industry knowledge (marketing, pricing, strategy, supply chain, etc.)

About you
You possess strong quantitative & problem-solving skills
You are solutions-oriented, a self-starter, and have an eye for detail
You are a quick learner, motivated, and enjoy working with new technologies
You are able to and enjoy working in a fast-paced, dynamic and international team environment
You have excellent communication skills in English (written and verbal)and are able to effectively communicate technical subject matter to technical & business stakeholders

What it’s like to work at Otrium
You will be part of an enthusiastic and highly ambitious team with growth and entrepreneurial mindset;
The possibility to learn, grow and contribute to one of the fastest-growing startups in Europe, and soon the US (with your help!);
Freedom and responsibility: we believe in ownership, so we will give you full responsibility to make sure you can get the job done;
You’ll be working with very talented colleagues - in a different time zone - that know what they are doing as everyone has experience at other amazing fast-growing companies;
Next to working together, we celebrate our success together. With every target we make and record we break, we celebrate!

What's next
Excited about what you're reading? Let us know more about who you are and why we should work together! Apply now!
We look forward to hearing from you!
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Internet Apparel & Fashion
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology Engineering