Data Engineer
CWT
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Scott Vickers
Regional Talent Acquisition Manager EMEA at CWT
Send InMail
CWT is one of the world's leading digital travel management companies and as a Business-to-Business-for-Employees (B2B4E) travel management platform, companies and governments rely on us to keep their people connected – anywhere, anytime, anyhow – and across six continents, we provide their employees with innovative technology and an efficient, safe and secure travel experience.

Our Product and Technology division was formed to lead on our CWT 3.0 digital transformation strategy. With a team of highly skilled and experienced individuals, they deliver and manage efficient, quality, and innovative travel technology solutions and technology services for CWT and its customers worldwide

We are looking for a Data Engineer to join our Data Science team at CWT. The Data Engineer will evolve the design and development of data and machine learning products to support business strategies, as well as ensuring that our data and machine learning services are scalable, reliable and robust.

The Data Engineer will work closely with other data and machine learning engineers, as well as product owners and other teams within CWT to deliver solutions and insights for the business.

Daily Responsibilities
Build pipelines for data cleansing, transformation and aggregation to deliver business- and client-facing insights and reports.
Develop AWS serverless solutions for data services within CWT.
Work closely with Data Scientists/Machine Learning Engineers to build feature engineering, machine learning training and deployment pipelines.
Develop and manage new data source ingestion pipelines when they are occasionally required.
Rotational responsibility to monitoring production pipelines and AWS EMR clusters owned by the team.


Primary Location

GB-GB-London

Work from home

Yes

Employment type

Standard

Job Family

Information Technology

Scope

Global

Travel

No

Shift

Day Job

Organization

Tech_Data & Analytics

Job Posting

Jun 10, 2021

Key Skillset And Qualifications
Degree in computer science, information technology, engineering or equivalent
At least 2 years of experience in Scala/Python programming
Comfortable working with Linux and bash scripting
Familiarity with distributed systems
Familiarity with data structures and algorithms


Desired Skillset
Experience with AWS
Familiarity with Apache Spark
Experience in machine learning or data engineering
Familiarity with SQL
Exposure to Terraform
Industry
Leisure, Travel & Tourism
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology