Data Scientist
Mackin Talent
London, England, United Kingdom
Our client in London is currently seeking an experienced and highly motivated Data Scientist.

The position will be a 6 month contract which may be extended.

The main function of the Data Scientist is to produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets.

Responsibilities
Apply knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement.
Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data.
Generate and test hypotheses and analyze and interpret the results of product experiments.
Work with product engineers to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features and provide guidelines for large-scale implementation.
Provide Business Intelligence (BI) and data visualization support, which includes, but limited to support for the online customer service dashboards and other ad-hoc requests requiring data analysis and visual support.
Skills
Experienced in either programming languages such as Python and/or R, big data tools such as Hadoop, or data visualization tools such as Tableau.
The ability to communicate effectively in writing, including conveying complex information and promoting in-depth engagement on course topics.
Experience working with large datasets.
Education/Experience
Master of Science degree in computer science or in a relevant field.
Benefits
Competitive salary, with great onsite benefits including canteen with all meals, drinks and snacks included.
Healthcare contribution and inclusion in company pension scheme
Work laptop and phone
State of the art modern offices
25 days annual leave (pro-rata) plus paid bank holidays
Expanding workforce with potential for career progression for top performers
Working with a company that will make your CV stand out.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Environmental Services Information Technology & Services Staffing & Recruiting
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology