Data Scientist
Robert Half
London, England, United Kingdom
Job Purpose

The Data Scientist will provide data-driven insights and products to drive commercial value and to enable a wide range of strategic business decision processes.

This will be achieved by working on complex analyses and/or by developing models to optimise our sourcing approach, drive business growth, reduce waste and support automation across all areas of the business.

This role will work in partnership with both internal and external stakeholders to provide statistical data expertise and support the ongoing demand to deliver business insight and opportunities.

Success in this role will require understanding and influencing business priorities and growing data science as a capability within the company and the Analytics team.

Responsibilities
Develop our data science capability and advocate for the use of our data and information assets.
Grow the test & learn capability of the company to optimise sourcing strategies.
Provide commercial deep dives into specific business area and translate data into actionable insight & recommendations.
Develop models (rule-based segmentation, decision trees, predictive models) to help decision-making processes.
Serve as a subject matter expert on statistical analysis and convey technical results effectively to a variety of audiences, including those with a non-technical background
Sharing learning and insights across multiple levels and multiple business units
Present complex ideas and recommendation to various level in the organization
Ensure outputs are accurate, timely and meet the business needs.
Work with wider Analytics team to define new data sources or improving existing ones and on other topics.
Develop and maintain strong relationships with key stakeholders, partners and internal clients.
Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. Where rates of pay or salary ranges are detailed these are dependent upon your experience, qualifications or training. If you wish to apply for this position please read our Privacy Notice which details how we may use, process, store and disclose your Personal Information: roberthalf.co.uk/privacy notice.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Staffing & Recruiting Financial Services
Employment Type
Temporary
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology