Studio Junior Data Scientist
Accenture
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Studio Junior Data Scientist

Centred at The Dock, Accenture’s global centre for innovation in Dublin, and working across several global locations, The CIO Applied Intelligence Studio helps Accenture deliver on the promise of its data, at the vanguard of Accenture’s continuing transformation into an Intelligent Enterprise, delivering business value at speed, actionable insights for people, and responsible automation.

We are passionate data innovators, performing cutting-edge data science experiments and development using the latest technologies. We don’t just follow best-practice, we strive to continuously improve everything that we do and develop next-practice.

We are looking for a Data Scientist to work in our team, performing experiments on our big data platform, creating leading-edge AI solutions, and delivering business value.

This is a great time to join and be part of our growing team. It’s an exciting opportunity to explore and implement solutions on how data science can enable the Intelligent Enterprise, and to work in a state-of-the-art innovative environment.

The Studio is a diverse, multicultural, and inclusive team and we welcome applications from all qualified candidates.

REQUIRED SKILLSET:

The CIO Applied Intelligence Studio is a bit different and we want our Data Innovators to be a bit different too. Of course, you will get to perform experiments on big data sources to create leading-edge AI solutions to deliver on business user stories, but you will also get to work directly with stakeholders to help them ideate and define their vision and co-create those user stories. You will build strong relationships with your stakeholders and colleagues and strive to deliver value to our clients. You will be a self-organised high-performer and collaborate in a global team of high-performing people, consistently delivering high-quality outputs.

The successful candidate will have some experience in the following skills:


Python Programming Language

Machine Learning

Data Visualisation

Presentation Delivery

Enterprise Agile Delivery (SAFe / Scrum)

Stakeholder Management

Effective Written Communications (English)


QUALIFICATIONS & EXPERIENCE:

The successful candidate will have these qualifications and experiences:


2.1 bachelor’s degree in a relevant numerate area such as AI, Data Analytics, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics.

At least 1 year in a similar professional or post-doctoral role

Shows evidence of innovation and problem solving

Shows evidence of continuous professional development


Does this appeal to you? If so, we wish to hear from you.

Please also note that Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity.

Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries and all business functions — underpinned by the world’s largest delivery network — Accenture works at the intersection of business and technology to help clients improve their performance and create sustainable value for their stakeholders. With 505,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries, Accenture drives innovation to improve the way the world works and lives. Visit us at www.accenture.com.

Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Research Strategy/Planning