Data Analyst - Pricing
Remitly
London, England, United Kingdom
At Remitly, we help immigrant communities around the world send over $6 billion a year to their loved ones. Sending money is faster, easier, and costs less with our all-digital money transfer platform. Our vision is to transform the lives of immigrants and their families by providing the most trusted financial service products on the planet. At Remitly, your work has a direct and positive impact on people around the globe. Your work matters, every day.

About The Role

Remitly's Analytics teams are at the core of our revenue and customer value, using data to improve customer retention while driving revenue growth, profitability and providing deep insights on customer behaviour for teams across Remitly. You will affect the direction of pricing strategy and operations at Remitly and your work will have a direct impact on the success of the company. Within this role, you'll partner with the Business Management, Product and Finance partners based in Europe and Seattle.

You will report directly to our Pricing Analytics Manager

What You Will Do In This Role
we'll task you with building pricing strategies and analysing customer behaviour by market, segment, and other dimensions
you'll partner with marketing, finance, and product teams to develop, price, and launch new products
you'll manage reporting dashboards to identify KPI trends
you'll identify performance trends and perform ad hoc deep dives to understand business drivers
perform statistical and econometric analyses to understand customer behaviour
conduct profitability analysis of our pricing strategies and critically assess price optimisation opportunities
provide insightful statistical and econometric analyses that extract value from complex datasets and achieve targeted outcomes
as a strong business thinker, you will also provide advice and support to other teams throughout the organisation


Your Skills, Experience, Knowledge And Expertise Will Include
Minimum of Bachelor's degree in economics, finance, engineering, or a quantitative field
3+ years experience in analytics or data science
Experience with statistical/econometric modelling
Expertise in SQL and familiarity with R, Python, or other programming languages
Knowledge of data visualisation and related tools (e.g. Tableau, Sisense/Periscope)
Success applying statistical methods to complex and open-ended problems


Our Benefits
"Open leave" policy, subject to approval
Great compensation package
Health insurance
Travel benefit
Learn and development benefits
3000+ free online courses available

Remitly is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Equal employment opportunity has been, and will continue to be, a fundamental principle at Remitly. We are committed to nondiscrimination across our global organisation and in all of our business operations. Employment is determined based upon personal capabilities and qualifications without discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identification and expression, marital status, military status or status as an honourably discharge/veteran, pregnancy (including a woman's potential to get pregnant, pregnancy-related conditions, and childbearing), sexual orientation, age (40 and over), national origin, ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, physical, mental, or sensory disability (including the use of a trained dog guide or service animal), HIV/AIDS or hepatitis C status, genetic information, status as an actual or perceived victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, or any other protected class as established by law.

Remitly is an E-Verify Employer
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology