Data Scientist - Social Media
Handle Recruitment
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Robert Lindsay
Experienced Technical Recruiter. Agile, Development and Infrastructure teams within Media and eCommerce
Send InMail
Data Scientist - Global Social Media

We are working with a global Tech company, currently looking to add a Data Scientist to their team. This is a great opportunity to work for one of the leading social media platforms in the world.

The role:

* Apply knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement.
* Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data.
* Generate and test hypotheses and analyze and interpret the results of product experiments.
* Work with product engineers to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features and provide guidelines for large-scale implementation.
* Provide Business Intelligence (BI) and data visualization support, which includes, but limited to support for the online customer service dashboards and other ad-hoc requests requiring data analysis and visual support.

Requirements:

* Experienced in either programming languages such as Python and/or R, big data tools such as Hadoop, or data visualization tools such as Tableau.
* The ability to communicate effectively in writing, including conveying complex information and promoting in-depth engagement on course topics.
* Experience working with large datasets.

If your skill set matches the requirements, please email your CV to Chris Bouroutzis on chris.bouroutzis@handle.co.uk.

Handle Recruitment is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.

Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Contract
Job Functions
Analyst