Data Engineer
Nigel Frank International
Oxford, England, United Kingdom
-Oxford- Up to £55K

I am looking for a Data Engineer to join an exciting Client of mine. They are a global professional services firm with over 5,600 people. Operating in 125 countries they are as diverse as the communities and Clients they represent. My Client solve problems that matter to their clients and their communities. And they are easy to work with.

Role & Responsibilities
Engaging with business stakeholders to support the gathering of functional and non-functional requirements for data solutions
Support the Data & Analytics Architect in designing data solutions aligned to the design principles and security standards as set by the EA function and the Cyber Security team
Deputising for the Data & Analytics Architect as and when required such as in TDA sessions, Software Solution Design workshops and resource planning.
Mentoring and supporting the technical development of the BI Developers in data engineering principles and practices
Collaborate and support software development initiatives which involves insights and analytics reporting.
Skills & Qualifications
Experience in DevOps and Agile methodologies
Experience in preparing data for data science and ML.
Experience in DevOps CI/CD
Experience in coding in Python / R / or equivalent languages
Design and development of best practice ETL flows, data stores, dimensional models, cubes
Knowledge of Serverless component like Logic Apps and Azure functions
Benefits
Paying up to £55K
Pension
Flexible working
Health and well being benefits
They are looking to start the Interview process ASAP, so don't miss out, APPLY now!

My client has limited interview slots so please apply urgently, please send your up to date CV to Nancy Tamplin n.tamplin@nigelfrank.com or call 0203 808 7304 for a catch up in complete confidence.

Please Note: This is a permanent role. This role is for UK residents only. This role does not offer Sponsorship. You must have the right to work in the UK with no restrictions. Some of our roles may be subject to successful background checks including a DBS and Credit Check.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Human Resources
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology