Apprenticeship - Data Scientist
Covance
Leeds, England, United Kingdom
Job Overview

LabCorp is a leading global life sciences company with a mission to improve health and improve lives. Combining world-class diagnostic solutions with its drug development business, Covance, LabCorp’s cutting-edge technologies, unparalleled data, and growing menu of standard and highly-specialized tests not only inform and empower patients and providers but help medical, biotech, and pharmaceutical companies transform ideas into innovations. LabCorp’s 65,000+ employees are pursuing critical advances in science and changing the delivery of healthcare while advancing essential vaccines, cancer-fighting breakthroughs, and life-changing treatments for rare diseases.

Advancing healthcare from the laboratory through the clinic requires many different strengths, experiences and perspectives of our exceptional people around the world. Explore our wide range of diverse opportunities and rewarding career pathways and see how you can work with an energizing purpose to discover your extraordinary potential.

Apprenticeship Program

Exciting Opportunity to be part of the LabCorp/Covance as a Data Scientist Apprentice in 2021. Following a comprehensive induction process and carefully-tailored training program, you will acquire a comprehensive knowledge of all aspects of clinical trials and bringing miracles of medicine to market. In addition, we encourage professional development and career exploration through program workshops, each designed to help individuals prepare for a thriving career in our industry.

Capitalize on a dedicated training and development program that will support your scientific and professional career aspirations, and take pride in delivering scientific work that helps save the lives of millions of people around the world.

The Learning

You'll study the role of the Data Manager within a clinical trial including how data is collected, the tools and knowledge used to collect, analyze and interpret data and to tell the story behind the data. Face the future with a breadth of career opportunities and specialist knowledge in understanding data and models, their scope and limitations, and the ability to design, question and communicate these to a wide range of audiences. You will learn about the different types of clinical trials, the types of data collected and the different ways this data is reported and how to ensure the data is comprehensively reviewed to ensure it passes peer review.

The Role
Gain an overview of Data Management processes within a clinical trial.
Perform all Data Management tasks as appropriate to include, but not to be limited to:
Design and testing of the Electronic Data Capture (EDC) clinical database
Perform ongoing data review including query generation
Create and / or update all relevant data management documentation
Create study metrics and reports as requested by the study team
Liaise with Medical Writers, SAS Programmers, Pharmacokineticists, Biostatisticians and other members of staff with regard to table and graph specifications/requirements.
Ensure all documentation is completed on work produced e.g. QC records, Index document.
Good time management and organization skills, the ability to prioritize own work to meet tight deadlines while maintaining the highest standards of work.
Effective communication skills; a co-operative and team orientated approach.

What You'll Receive
A Degree Apprenticeship in Data Science over 36 months
A chance to work with industry experts,
A chance to put theoretical skills in to practice and make a real impact in a global business,
A chance to Act as an Ambassador across Yorkshire for Apprenticeships
A generous benefits and holiday package
A salary of £16,500 in your first year rising progressively as you progress based on performance

Minimum Criteria
A level Science and 2 other subjects for example, another life science, math’s or computer based subject
Great attention to detail
A passion for data

Education/Qualifications
A-Levels in Science / Life Sciences

Experience
Has experience delivering multiple projects in an academic or professional setting
Ability to collaborate with various stakeholders and internal/external colleagues
Embraces diverse ways of thinking through various forms collaboration and partnership

Covance is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer:

As an EOE/AA employer, the organization will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant's race, age, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.
Seniority Level
Internship
Industry
Staffing & Recruiting Biotechnology Pharmaceuticals
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Research Science