Data Engineer - AI Analytics - Cork
Jefferson Frank
Cork, County Cork, Ireland
Data Engineer

Cork - Flexible Remote Working

The Company

This client is one of the leaders in AI data analytics backed by huge Environment Investors! Their SaaS platform provides companies with the data needed to be more predictive, proactive and connected to their customers, helping them better manage risk, improve profitability, maintain grid reliability and anticipate sustainability trends.

They are currently looking for Mid to senior level Data Engineers to develop and maintain scalable data pipelines working with both the analytical and business teams to improve data models.

Responsibilities
Working with open source and vendor tools for data lineage.
Working with various teams to develop strategies for long term data platform architecture.
Designs data integration's and data quality framework.
Implements processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate.
Writes unit/integration tests, contributes to engineering wiki, and documents work.
Performs data analysis required to troubleshoot data related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues.
Work with frontend and backend engineers, product managers, and analysts.
Defines company data assets to populate data models.
Experience Required
Data analytics experience in a distributed computing environment plus data maintainence.
Automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL/python based ETL framework
SQL programming skill.
ETL tools and database architecture understanding.
Data warehousing knowledge.
Understanding of code and programming concepts.
Kubernetes deployments and DevOps
Python: Data Models, Object-Oriented Programming, Testing
Database: Window Functions, Partitioning/Indexes, Relational & Non-Relational
Big Data: Hadoop, Spark, DataFrame API
Performance Benchmarking: Cluster Configuration/Optimization, Spark Optimzation
Version Control, CI/CD: Git, Jenkins, Drone
Cloud Experience: AWS (primary) + Azure, Google Cloud
Benefits & Additional Perks
Fast paced, collaborative and fun environment
Work with data and latest technology to transform industry
Competitive salary and bonus
Medical, dental, vision, life and long-term disability insurance
Paid Time Off
To apply for this role, please send an up-to-date CV to a.quigley@jeffersonfrank.com or call 0191 300 9229 for a confidential chat. LinkedIn = https://www.linkedin.com/in/adam-quigley-945824203/

Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professionals on the planet. Backed by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Staffing & Recruiting Human Resources
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology