Junior Data Scientist
Prima Assicurazioni
London, England, United Kingdom
Data scientist

We are looking to grow our Pricing team and a unique opportunity has arisen for a Junior Data Scientist to join us here at Prima UK. We are focusing on growth, and we are looking for passionate data scientists to join us as we expand our efforts throughout the business. Our roots are in Italy where our first insurance products launched and disrupted the market in 2015. We now boast over 1 million active clients worldwide and achieved a €100M investment from Goldman Sachs and Blackstone in 2018. Prima Car Insurance will launch in the UK in 2021 with a continued focus on cutting-edge tech and analytics coupled with superb user experience.

That’s why we need you.

The successful candidate will report into the Head of Pricing and will collaborate with the business to provide solutions that meet business needs and develop best practices. We are looking for a “solution finder” who is hungry for growth and career progression.

Key Requirements

Responsibilities will include the following, but may develop to reflect both ability and the strategy of the business:
·       Quant background (maths, physics, engineering)
·       Basic understanding of python and SQL
·       Proactive and “SME” mindset- keeping on top of researching new ideas and staying up to date in the world of Data Science
·       Strong communication skills with the ability to interpret technical terms in layman terms

Nice to have

·       Experience of working in insurance pricing/analytics
·       Education level- Masters, ideally PhD
·       Proactive in Data scientist meetups/communities

Contract details:

Competitive salary
Competitive Pension
Private Healthcare cover
Benefits that suit you
Office in central London with plenty of Fresh Fruit and healthy snacks, a fully stocked drinks fridge
Passionate and friendly team
An opportunity for getting operational experience in a start-up where both your work and the results are highly tangible and matters to the business
Hands-on training and mentoring

We are looking for permanent hires for our new, centrally located London office: 71-73 Carter Lane, London, EC4V 5EQ. Flexible working arrangements, where preferable, can be discussed with the hiring manager.

Prima UK is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind based on race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other protected characteristic as outlined by English laws.

This policy applies to all employment practices within our organization, including hiring, recruiting, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, leave of absence, compensation, benefits, training, and apprenticeship. Prima UK makes hiring decisions based solely on qualifications, merit, and business needs at the time.
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Insurance
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Finance Sales