Data Scientist - New Product Innovation
Spotify
London, England, United Kingdom
The Freemium R&D team oversees the entire user journey on Spotify and ensures we engage with people in innovative ways, every step of the way. Our team grows Spotify’s audience by finding future listeners around the world and delivering the right value to them, at the right time. With research, product development, product design, engineering, and marketing all collaborating in one organization, we’re able to quickly create meaningful features and services for millions of people around the world, resulting in joyful, long-lasting relationships with Spotify.

We are looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join our Freemium Product Insights team. Our team is responsible for identifying user needs across global markets and building new product offerings to meet them. Your role is to navigate and lead product innovation in an ambiguous space, using data science methods to explore product opportunities and create a deep understanding of users' behaviour and inform the development of new products.

This is a highly impactful role where you and the rest of the team will be able to directly impact how our Freemium products are experienced, packaged, and sold around the world.

What You'll Do
Create new datasets by instrumenting the product (working with engineering) and transforming the data into analysis tables
Perform analyses on data sets to extract actionable insights that will help detect audience clusters, user traits and behavioural patterns over time
Use mixed methods to understand and tackle loosely defined problems, develop hypotheses and come up with relevant insights to help drive product direction and decisions.
Run experiments to determine value of new products concepts
Work on end-to-end projects to ensure your findings are executed and tested in the desired way
Work closely with cross-functional teams of user researchers, product owners, engineers,designers, and others across the company who are passionate about Spotify’s success
Communicate data-driven insights and recommendations to non-technical audiences, through clear visualizations and data storytelling
Based in our London office but qualifies for WFA policy

Who You Are
You have the technical competence to perform more advanced analytics
Coding skills (such as Python, R or similar)Database language skills (such as SQL)Data visualisation tools (such as Tableau, Qlik Sense, matplotlib, ggplot2 or similar)
Experience performing analysis with large datasets
You have experience designing, monitoring and analyzing A/B tests or other methods of causal inference
Experience working on projects involving full product development journey, from ideation to prototype to launch
You are a communicative person that values building strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders and have the ability to explain complex topics in simple terms
You are a self driven person, who thrives in a fast-paced, dynamic and high energy environment and is comfortable with ambiguity

Where You'll Be
We are a distributed workforce enabling our band members to find a work mode that is best for them!
Where in the world? For this role, it can be within the EMEA region in which we have a work location
Prefer an office to work from home instead? Not a problem! We have plenty of options for your working preferences. Find more information about our Work From Anywhere options here .
Working hours? We operate within the Central European time zone for collaboration
We ask that our team members be located within Greenwich Mean time zone, Central European time zone, or Eastern European standard time zone for the purposes of our collaboration hours

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 345 million users.
Industry
Marketing & Advertising Computer Software Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology