Data Engineer
MAGO
Manchester Area, United Kingdom
Posted by
Chris Joynson (he/ him)
Head of Digital Talent Acquisition
Send InMail
 We are proud to be a diverse employer, and we welcome candidates from all backgrounds
Flexible/ Hybrid working for a better work/ life balance
Develop something new – see the results!
Work for an iconic business and do things never before achieved within our industry
Competitive base + 11% company contribution Pension, Bonus, free parking and other corporate benefits
Based above Manchester Airport’s Train/ Tram station

The Business
 MAGO is a truly agile eCommerce business that incapsulates innovation and the ‘art of the possible’. As the digital tech division of Manchester Airport Group, we have great offices with the usual array of table tennis tables/ foosball/ coffee machines/ sofas etc… However, what truly sets us apart is the opportunity to work on globally unique eCommerce systems that are built using the emerging tech and agile principles. As a Data Engineer, we understand that you are always learning, so we offer an array of training including AWS Certification; Udemy courses, online learning, exam vouchers, tickets to conferences etc etc. Most importantly, you will work on projects that make a real difference, receive feedback from users, and allow you to see the work you’re doing actually making a difference. Finally, you will join a company that is laser focused on being the number one global agency for airport services; delivering defined business and tech goals with a team that will allow you to deliver with adult autonomy.
 Have a stroll around our office: https://youtu.be/0pYS_ghtWSU
What we do: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlbfsK-0mbM



The Role:

This Data Engineer position is a key component in the growth of the Data Science team. Supporting the existing team of data scientists, data engineers and analysts, this role will help provide the glue that enables the team to capitalise on the data assets the business has, and drive value from the insight we extract. We develop advanced and actionable data-driven insight to increase the efficiency of our marketing and ecommerce, increase customer lifetime value, improving customer experience, and open new business opportunities.

This role offers an opportunity to work at scale with data from MAG’s 3 airports, our (MAG owned) distribution companies, MAG USA and global clients. MAG’s customers alone number 60 million passengers per year, 70,000 car parking spaces, and digital properties attracting 30 million visitors per year. The projects supported are also varied, including forecasting, revenue management, support to the CRM team with optimization, customer experience, and recommender systems, with increasing interest in real-time solutions.
 As the successful candidate, you can expect to work on:

Building infrastructure to support analytics,
productionising machine learning models,
enabling data science functions
Building architecture to incorporate international networks of clients and suppliers



You:
As the successful individual, you will have experience working as a Data Engineer, ideally in the direct support of data science activities, be a genuine self-starter, and eager to support our business in tackling real world strategic business and customer problems.
 You will have in-depth practical experience with AWS and will be comfortable leveraging services such as EC2, Redshift, Lambda, Kinesis, and Batch. Further, you’ll be able to help shape our evolving data science environment. You will have expert experience with Python, detailed SQL knowledge, and be used to dealing with API services to ingest and process data. Experience of supporting data users working with Python or R is advantageous.

You must be naturally inquisitive and unafraid to offer solutions in a supportive and collaborative manner. You will need to be able to deal with multiple tasks simultaneously and be a supporting team player. As a growing team within MAGO, you will have the opportunity to help shape how we operate, work with the latest technologies, and grow your skills, experience, and responsibilities.
  What are we offering?
 A company that is inclusive and tolerant to all
Flexible working approach (not just during Covid, but ongoing)
Strong base salary (on experience) + 11% pension and bonus
Free parking and significantly subsidised public transport
Discounts on company products
25 days Holiday entitlement (plus the ability to buy more)
Great work culture: the feel of a tech start-up with the backing of a global corporate with fantastic career development and advancement opportunities
Based above a train/ tram station for an easy commute (when not working from home!)
Free coffee/ gym/ break out areas/ great company culture and approach
AWS Certification (if needed) / online training/ exam vouchers/ tickets to events etc.
 Equal Opportunities

MAG is a values led organisation and we are committed to providing equal opportunities in all areas of work and business. We want people to achieve their best, which will in turn positively impact on our customers and the communities in which we live and work. At MAG we empower people to be themselves within an inclusive and supportive environment, enabling everyone to achieve their full potential in line with their abilities and career aspirations.

Reasonable Adjustments 

As an inclusive employer, MAG wants to see every candidate performing at their best throughout the job application process, interview process and whilst at work. We therefore encourage you to inform us of any reasonable adjustments you might need to enable this to happen.
  Please apply today as interviews will commence immediately
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Airlines/Aviation
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology