Data Definer Consultant
Black Swan Data
London, England, United Kingdom
We Are Black Swan Data

In a world turbo-charged by social media, the old world of traditional consumer research no longer enough. Where there’s slow and pre-emptive questionnaires and surveys, now there’s continuous big data, algorithms and machine learning. For some, it’s unknown territory. For Black Swan Data, it’s unprecedented possibilities.

Black Swan Data is revolutionising consumer research through Social Prediction™. Using the most sophisticated data science and AI techniques, we unlock the full potential of social data to understand and predict consumer behaviour more accurately and further ahead than anyone else. It’s how we turn game-changing insights into a competitive advantage for global giants like PepsiCo, McDonald’s, Unilever, Mondelez and Danone.

We’re fast movers. Since 2011, we’ve spread our wings across the UK, Hungary, USA and South Africa. Today our team of 260 Swans (and counting) includes data scientists, developers, insights consultants, analysts, designers, engineers and marketeers.

But first, we’re entrepreneurs and champions of change who thrive on moving fast and breaking new ground. And our work is getting us noticed. In 2015 we were awarded the Sunday Times #1 Fastest Growing Start-Up. In 2016 we were named the UK’s Fastest Growing Exporter. And in both 2017 and 2018 we ranked high in the Financial Times 1000 Europe’s Fastest Growing Companies.

The Role

Based in our London office, you will support the Datasets Team with defining and validating our core Black Swan Datasets, leveraging our proprietary tools, processes and cross-team talent to deliver world- class datasets for our client-facing products.

Key Responsibilities

Assists with researching and creating robust category datasets that underpin our trend prediction product, working to develop domain knowledge within the team.
Contributes to researching and creating robust social queries to define category & sector conversation (i.e. Twitter, long-form content, Reddit, Tripadvisor).
Assists with taxonomy curation and improvement for structured social datasets. Re-uses and incorporates publicly available or 3rd party taxonomies and ontologies where possible
Utilises Black Swan proprietary tools to support team leads with cleaning and validating datasets for analysis.
Assists the Datasets team with feedback and testing to improve Dataset build efficiency and tooling.
Assists in finding new data sources to incorporate into assigned datasets. Works with other analysts to acquire and validate data with the Datasets team, ensuring the highest level of quality.
Essential Skills and Experience:

We are looking for enthusiastic and forward-looking team players with the following skills and experience:
2-5 years working experience in a quantitative research / analytics role, or a SaaS product role. Strong teamworking and interpersonal skills, including ability to respond to requests in a timely, professional and considerate manner.
Excellent listening and communication skills (written and verbal), including ability to express thinking coherently.
A problem solver with a professional attitude and enthusiasm to learn. Able to flag any issues to more senior colleagues where appropriate.
Real-world experience gathering and analysing quantitative data and communicating results in a business or research setting.
An interest in new emerging research techniques and the potential in data and technology.
Proficiency in Arabic, Turkish, Russian, or Spanish strongly preferred.
Technical proficiencies needed are:

Excellent eye for detail.
Strong proficiency in English language.
Experience using Excel or equivalent data manipulation tools.
What makes a Swan?

We want people fanatical about creating innovative solutions inspired by data. We know Black Swan’s DNA is different, it’s what helps us find new perspectives on our clients’ problems. Working in a fast paced, energised environment, our bar is set high, and an ability to build long lasting partnerships both internally and externally is vital.
We have made a difference at our core and that is embedded in our values.
We believe in long-term partnerships through transparency and honesty We believe in leaving the world in a better place than we found it
We believe anyone can achieve great things. We do not put people in boxes We listen more than we talk
We think 10% crazy is just about right!
Most importantly, and because you spend 60% of your waking time at work, we believe you should enjoy it

What We Offer?

Remote Working - Until it is safe to return to our offices, and then up to 60% of your working month working remotely when we are back in our Hubs. Some roles will also be eligible to apply for 100% remote working.

Exciting Clients and Projects - Working with Black Swan we promise to provide an exciting and ever- changing industry within Data Science and Predictive Analytics, with challenging projects serving some of the leading Brands in each domain

Talented Teams - We hire highly skilled and multi-disciplined teams over the world. We have 8 offices across 4 countries!

Career Development - Regardless of which area of the business you work in you can expect to collaborate on all aspects of Black Swan’s projects gaining the exposure you need to develop your expertise. No matter what stage you are in your career your development is our priority.

Working environment - Because you spend 60% of your time at work, we try to make it enjoyable! You will benefit from our global benefits: Share options, staff referral scheme, duvet day, flexible and remote working, internal and online training initiatives, volunteering opportunities at white swan, birthday lie in, Christmas gift cards, quarterly staff events, summer hours and Flexible Leave Policy.

As well as the benefits unique to our London office:Daily supply of the all the snacks you can eat in our all- day kitchens, Fridays Wobbly trolley - (check them out on our Instagram page!) , Monthly Breakfast courtesy of Black Swan Data.

We want to positively change the future through technology and the power of prediction. How about you?
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology