Data Science Engineer
Tesco Bank
Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
Posted by
Kevin McLaren
Resourcing Consultant at Tesco Bank
Send InMail
You’ll bring the focus. We’ll provide the detail.
 Tesco Bank is here to offer a new approach to banking, building on the foundations of service and dedication that have made Tesco a truly great British brand and a worldwide success. Bringing that level of success to a new industry and new area of operations demands expertise at the highest level – and offers the chance for dedicated Risk professionals to make a long-lasting impact within a business that’s breathing new life into personal finance and retail banking.
  What You’ll Be Responsible For:
 Gather technical requirements from stakeholders, influencing requirements where necessary.
Build, test, deploy and maintain analytical solutions that can be used within retail banking in line with existing ways of working.
Suggest new and improved ways of working.
Be innovative and think about solutions from a different perspective, coaching others where required.
Understand predictive modelling and machine learning techniques, suggesting alternatives.
Explore and apply new sources of data, techniques and implementation routes.
Maintain and update knowledge of Data Science innovation and developments, in particular optimisation and visualisation.
Work in collaboration with other Data Scientists to deliver the best solution.
Ensure the techniques used are appropriate and the tools are best suited for the job, suggesting and coaching alternative methods.
Demonstrate controls within the production environment in line with over arching governance and risk management.
 What You’ll Bring:
 Well developed experience of using Data Science to tackle business problems preferably with access to Big Data resources
Strong background in maths/stats, computer science, financial modelling or operational research
Experience of retail banking or pricing problems (preferred)
Toolkit or software development skills
  A role with us will have its challenges, demanding a variety of skills and a strong personality – but will offer the rewards to match. We’re here to go the extra mile for our customers, and we’ll be here for you too – ensuring you can build on your abilities and forge a career of achievement. For us, it’s simple. With the expertise you bring, you’ll play a huge part in our success stories. Visit our website to find out more and apply.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Banking
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology Other