Lead Security Data Scientist
DWP Digital
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Caicy Sandford
Talent Acquisition Specialist at DWP Digital
Send InMail
DWP. Digital with Purpose.

DWP is the UK's largest government department. We make payments worth over £195bn a year to support some of the most vulnerable people in our society. We deliver products and services that are used by millions of people in the UK, every day and at key moments in their lives.

We are looking for a talented Lead Security Data Scientist to work with us on data-driven initiatives to augment the abilities of our specialist colleagues in teams such as Security and Fraud Monitoring, Threat Intelligence, and Incident Response, developing repeatable procedures in code combined with deep contextual data analysis as part of our highly innovative Cyber Resilience Centre.

DWP Digital is our community of digital experts. Using fresh ideas and leading-edge technologies - and putting the user at the centre of everything we do - we create innovative, scalable digital solutions that make a difference to the lives of our 22 million users and our amazing DWP colleagues.

Delivery. Work. Projects.

As a Lead Security Data Scientist, you'll be leading and defining initiatives to provide platforms that support modern Data Science workflows integrated directly into automated security pipelines, driving quality and impact of analytics strategies. You'll also be building and expanding the data science, machine learning and AI capabilities, keeping up to date with the latest transferrable market and industry trends, emerging technologies and delivery accelerators.

What skills, knowledge and experience will you need?

Deep expertise across cybersecurity, fraud, and internal abuse and significant experience delivering targeted interventions to deal with specific adversary tools, techniques and procedures in these areas.
Excellent stakeholder management with the ability to influence others and build momentum for change.
A strong technologist with an acknowledged reputation for thought leadership, knowledge and insight. A highly driven, collaborative, analytical and problem-solving leader with an entrepreneurial streak.
Significant experience in Strategy, Delivery and Operations in a large public or private sector organisation.
Experience in building skills and capability successfully in large, complex public or private sector organisations.
High levels of personal drive to be the best and the ability to create a results focussed environment.

Details. Wages. Perks.

You'll join us in one of our brilliant digital hubs in a location most convenient for you in London, Manchester, Blackpool, Leeds, Newcastle or Sheffield.

We also have all the tools and tech we need to enable our people to work flexibly, and many of us are working remotely at the moment due to COVID-19.

In return for your skills we offer competitive salary up to £93,765 a brilliant civil service pension with employer contributions worth over 27%, and a generous leave package starting at 25 days.

We also have a broad benefits package built around your work-life balance which includes:

Flexible working, flexi hours and flexi days
Family friendly policies
Time off volunteering and charitable giving
Bring your authentic self to work with 'I Can Be Me in DWP'
Discounts and savings on shopping, fun days out and more
Interest-free loans to buy a bike or a season ticket, so it's even easier for you to get to work and start making a difference
Sports and social activities
Working in an award winning environment and culture
Professional development, coaching, mentoring and career progression opportunities.

CLICK APPLY for more information and to start your application.
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Computer Networking Computer Software Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology