Data Scientist
Barclays
England, United Kingdom
Data Scientist
Poole

As a Barclays Data Scientist, you will have the opportunity to join an exciting new venture within the Financial Crime Screening Team. As part of the programme you will be working with a variety of teams and will be responsible for the development and delivery of high quality data forensics. The role will be the ideal challenge for anyone looking to work within the sanctions and statistics field.

Barclays is one of the world's largest and most respected financial institutions, with 329 years of success, quality and innovation behind us. We offer careers that provide endless opportunity – helping millions of individuals and businesses thrive, and creating financial and digital solutions that the world now takes for granted.

What will you be doing?

Producing meaningful data forensics to support the delivery of tuning related initiatives
Creating, building and maintaining analytical tools through programming to generate insight, recognise patterns and predict behaviour
Experimenting with and identifying various analytical methods/ techniques best suited to data challenges
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Responding to ad-hoc requests and communicating the results of any analysis, trends and MI to a range of audiences whilst effectively managing your workload
Having an active interest in all aspects of technological infrastructure
Developing an understanding of Financial Crime preventative measures, systems and operational processes within Barclays
Supporting the delivery of automation initiatives in-line with the wider Group strategy

What We’re Looking For

Excellent analytical and quantitative skills to support Sanctions (Financial Crime Operations) and work with a diverse range of colleagues across multiple sites
Good presentation skills with ability to explain sophisticated solutions to a non-technical audience
Ability to apply problem solving and continuous improvement

Skills That Will Help You In The Role

Degree or track record in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or related scientific disciplines

Where will you be working?

Barclays House is a distinctive looking eight floor building, based in the heart of Poole. We have an expansive restaurant and a coffee shop which boast a sun terrace for the warmer months and accessible sporting facilities on offer. We’re are also within close reach of the shopping centre, old town and railway and bus stations.

90266075

Industry
Banking Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology