Lead Machine Learning Engineer
Tractable
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
James Lucioni
Technical Recruiter - Data Science and Artificial Intelligence at Tractable
Send InMail
Lead Machine Learning Engineer
Who are we? 

The world's first computer vision unicorn ($1 Billion valued company) for financial services. Our mission is to use the latest breakthroughs in AI to solve real world problems and improve people's lives across the world. 

We put a car expert in people's pocket so when you get into an accident, a few photos with your smartphone is all you need to get back to normal faster. This year our AI is also helping families recover faster after their homes have been destroyed by natural disasters. We've accelerated accident recovery for over a million households, and helped recycle about as many cars as Tesla put on the road in 2019.

On top of that, we’ve got a best in class working culture focused around autonomy, collaboration, continuous learning, flexible working and more. In fact, we are a Certified 'Great Place to Work 2021' and rated 5/5 on Glassdoor due to our enjoyable and vibrant working culture and laser sharp focus on employee well-being.

We're a team of just over 200 passionate individuals located in the heart of the tech scene, a one minute walk from Old Street station and we're expanding rapidly, so come and check us out!

Engineering @ Tractable 

There’s around 40 of us in the engineering team and we play a key part in bringing our AI to life. We collaborate closely with the Research teams who are responsible for developing our core AI models, we then enable that AI capability to be deployed to real world problems by building out products using modern open-source technologies and best practices.

We work in small product teams consisting of software engineers, machine learning researchers, data scientists and product managers. The way we build our product is by putting together a talented team with all the skills and context it needs to be able to solve real world problems through close collaboration and agile best practices. Our Engineers are very product minded and play an active role in shaping the future direction of the product. They understand the wider business context of developing new features and develop a deep understanding of our customers and the user impact of our product, through close collaboration with the Product Manager of the team.

You will be working out how we can best help millions of people around the world recover faster from an accident. We’re proud to see our product have a massive impact on people daily… and we know this is just the beginning.

The Claim Assessment Team (CAT)

The Claim assessment team is an ML-first product team composed of 15 engineers and researchers working towards automating the review and settlement of an insurance claim after a repair estimate has been generated by the body shop. Our visual AI is able to figure out the nature and amount of damage in an accident by visually analysing the submitted photos. It enables full automation of traditionally manual tasks involved in the process of reviewing insurance claims. Our team builds and maintains the backend allowing us to automatically read repair shop estimates and analyse their accuracy using our visual AI, that powers our customer facing APIs and our user facing applications. 

You’ll be focusing on developing and scaling our core services and APIs to enable features in our user facing applications. It’s a varied role and someone who enjoys taking autonomy and taking ownership will thrive in this position as it encompasses more than purely software development. It involves working together with the product team to understand our users, speaking directly to our users to get their feedback and understand their workflows and communicating with internal teams about how best we can integrate and build out our product to best meet their needs, and champion best practices within the team. It will suit someone who enjoys introducing new processes, best practices and driving improvements!

We work in a lean team comprising a product manager, researchers and developers with different degrees of machine learning, statistics and backend experience. We continuously learn how to best achieve our mission: we make the best of feedback and experiences brought in by everyone and we look forward to hearing about what you can bring!

What You’ll be doing:

As a Team Lead, you’ll be in charge of shaping the future of one of our main backend workstreams. You will support the team on interesting and highly complex challenges around increasing the value we deliver to our customer per claim processed. You will also be responsible for the technical scoping and the capacity planning of a large part of our application. The role may suit an experienced team lead or could be suitable for a senior engineer / tech lead wanting to transition to team lead.

Working in a cross-functional team supporting the development of our AI review platform backend processing hundreds of thousands requests per month. 
Manage and lead a growing team of Engineers as time progresses whilst remaining hands on with code in the build and direction for one of our key products 
Understanding our customers feedback and increasing the value we’re delivering our customers with our product. 
Working closely with key customers and the business team to deliver a product that drives high ROI to customers. You will be involved in delivery planning and execution.
Partner with product managers, researchers, data scientists and other engineers to maximise the impact of new AI algorithms
Developing and promoting engineering best practices throughout the team
Suggesting, collecting and synthesising requirements and create effective feature roadmap

Tech Stack:

We're tech agnostic when hiring so you don't need experience with this stack to apply. Most of our team had no experience in this stack before joining us. If you are not familiar with this stack, then it's a great opportunity to join our team and learn new technologies (and we'll support you with that).

Python/Tensorflow/Pytorch
Typescript/Node.js
PostgreSQL
Kafka
Docker
Kubernetes
Jenkins
AWS
React / GraphQL

What we’re looking for… 

Strong programming skills (ideally in Python or Node.js), Prior experience working with GPU is desirable but non essential
Familiarity with the software development lifecycle and CI/CD best practices
Demonstrable experience with architectural design of complex systems
Strong experience in evaluating different technologies and tools and able to discuss merits / trade-offs for their use
Strong ownership mentality and proven experience driving engineering best practices and new processes inside a team
Strong communication & collaboration skills to adapt to our highly collaborative environment 
A strong 'product focus & mindset' - you have a relentless appetite to work with product teams, drive user impact and champion a customer-focus within the team

Company benefits:

Highly competitive salary
6 month salary reviews
Visa sponsorship (if required)
Attractive equity in a $1 Billion valued company
Pension scheme
Bupa private healthcare (full coverage)
Flexible hours & 3 days WFH per week 
Learning and Development budget
Unlimited Coursera subscription
Competitive maternity + paternity leave
Daily office snacks & soft drinks 
Regular company office events such as Games Nights, Movie Nights, Lunch & Learns, Monthly Brunch and more

Location:

Remote until September 2021 minimum due to COVID-19. Ordinarily based in Old Street, London

Stability during COVID-19:

We've made no furloughs and no redundancies during the pandemic. We've been doing well as a business during this period and have hired over 70 people during the pandemic across different areas of the business, with additional roles currently still open. As such, we can offer you a lot of confidence around career stability during this uncertain time.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology