Analytics Consultant
TransUnion
Leeds, England, United Kingdom
What We'll Bring

TransUnion UK provides the data, analytics and software that enable businesses to build more valuable customer relationships.

We specialise in managing consumer data for businesses across every sector. We focus on developing innovative products and services that help businesses make smarter and more informed decisions throughout the customer lifecycle.

We are TransUnion and we believe in Information for Good.

About The Role

What You'll Bring:

Our Analytical Consultants provide analytics support to consultancy led sales and project deliveries, conducting detailed analysis including scorecard development, ad hoc analysis and consultancy. The Senior Analytics Consultant is expected to present analysis results back to both internal and external clients and produce deliverables & supporting documentation to required standards.

Key Responsibilities
The Analytics Consultant will be required to fit well within a lively and interactive team and quickly adapt to the analytical tools and development approaches used within the business area.
Liaise with Project Managers and Senior management to ensure analytics tasks progress to plan
Conduct detailed analysis, including: Scorecard development, portfolio review, monitoring and ad hoc analysis.
Submit and analyse retrospective bureau data
Present back results of analysis to internal / external clients
Produce deliverables / support documentation to required standards
Impact You'll Make

Skills & Experience:
Analytical: Thorough and analytical, with capability to identify and apply logic to solve problems
Technical: Ability to quickly adapt to the analytical tools and development approaches used within TransUnion
Time management: Manage own workload and progress project work with limited support; Ability to multi-task
Communication: Good communication and team working skills; Ability to manage day-to-day written and verbal communication internally and with clients
Presentation skills: Ability to present results and field questions regarding own work internally and to client
Attention to detail
Good time management skills (ability to multi-task)
Good communication and team working skills
Good presentation and report writing skills
Experience of conducting detailed analysis, ideally in a credit risk environment
Proficient in the use of statistical languages R and/or SAS or other related package
Experience of working under own initiative to progress project work and work to deadlines with support from lead consultant
What’s in it for you?

At TransUnion you will be joining a friendly, forward thinking global business.

As well as a competitive salary, our benefits package includes 26 days’ annual leave (plus bank holidays) a generous contributory pension scheme, private health care and a host of other employee lifestyle benefits.

We take Corporate Social Responsibility seriously; our TU Good Works scheme supports communities around the world by advancing financial inclusion and education.

Remote Interview & Hiring Process

Protecting the health and wellness of our colleagues and candidates considering a career at TransUnion is our highest priority. Our recruitment and on-boarding experience for this role is fully virtual for the time being. Candidates interviewing will get to know our team over the phone and video, and this role will operate virtually upon hire until we return to the office. Even though we're not physically together right now, our goal is to provide you a supportive candidate and on-boarding experience that will immerse you in our culture and set you up for success at TransUnion

TransUnion Job Title

Consultant, Data Science and Analytics
Industry
Financial Services Information Services Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Research Analyst Information Technology