Data Scientist III
Expedia Group
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Mathangi Sivasubramanian
Talent Advisor at Expedia Group
Send InMail
We're looking for a passionate Data Scientist to provide valuable analytics and decision support to Expedia's Business. This position will mainly partner with various teams in product, engineering, strategy, and other business teams to optimize traffic, conversion, repeat rate & other metrics to improve the user experience.

In this role, the candidate will contribute to many aspects of business development, including product innovation/user behavior, test and learn, machine-learning/algorithm building, opportunity identification, and problem-solving. If you are a self-starter and have demonstrated success in using analytics & data science to drive innovation and user engagement of a product, then this position is for you!

What You'll Do
Take initiative to identify current and potential problems and determine the best solution. Involve and/or manage the people and resources required
Produce outstanding results by being proactive and committed. Continually focuses on achieving positive results contributing to the company's business success
Understand duties and responsibilities, have necessary job knowledge, have necessary technical skills, understand company mission/values, be in command of critical issues
Communicate well both verbally and in writing, create accurate and punctual reports, deliver presentations, share information and ideas with others, listen carefully, and consider what others have to say, including differing viewpoints
Structure problems, extract and analyze data, and present the findings to corporate leadership and internal customers
Assume end to end ownership of key analytical projects
Proactively and directly engages with partners to assess existing and upcoming project needs and maintains regular communication on progress

Who You Are
Demonstrated ability to work through complex business problems and implement suitable solutions
Solid experience in Data Science, Predictive modeling, exploratory analytics
Experience in at least one of R or Python or Scala or Spark or similar programming environment/tools
Proficiency in SQL, Excel
Excellent verbal, written, and data visualization skills
Understanding of advanced statistical/predictive modeling, operation research, and optimization techniques
Ability to prioritize among conflicting demands in a fluid environment

Why Join Us

Expedia Group recognizes our success is dependent on the success of our people. We are the world's travel platform, made up of the most knowledgeable, passionate, and creative people in our business. Our brands recognize the power of travel to break down barriers and make people's lives better – that responsibility inspires us to be the place where exceptional people want to do their best work and to provide them the tools to do so.

Whether you're applying to work in engineering or customer support, marketing, or lodging supply, at Expedia Group we act as one team, working towards a common goal; to bring the world within reach. We relentlessly strive for better, but not at the cost of the customer. We act with humility and optimism, respecting ideas big and small. We value diversity and voices of all volumes. We are a global organization but keep our feet on the ground so we can act fast and stay simple. Our teams also have the chance to give back on a local level and make a difference through our corporate social responsibility program, Expedia Cares.

If you have a hunger to make a difference with one of the most loved consumer brands in the world and to work in the dynamic travel industry, this is the job for you.

Our family of travel brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Egencia®, trivago®, Vrbo®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Hotwire®, Expedia® Media Solutions, CarRentals.com™, Expedia Local Expert®, Expedia® Cruise® and SilverRail Technologies, Inc. For more information, visit www.expediagroup.com .

About Expedia Group

Expedia Group (NASDAQ: EXPE) powers travel for everyone, everywhere through our global platform. Driven by the core belief that travel is a force for good, we help people experience the world in new ways and build lasting connections. We provide industry-leading technology solutions to fuel partner growth and success, while facilitating memorable experiences for travelers. Expedia Group's family of brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Vrbo®, Egencia®, trivago®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Hotwire®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Expedia Group™ Media Solutions, Expedia Local Expert®, CarRentals.com™, and Expedia Cruises™.

© 2021 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. CST: 2029030-50
Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. This employer participates in E-Verify. The employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization.

Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Computer Software Information Technology & Services Leisure, Travel & Tourism
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology