Data Scientist
BSI
Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
Great that you're thinking about a career with BSI!

Are you a Data Scientist looking for a role which offers you a wide variety of projects and data sets to work on? This could be the role for you. We are excited to be opening our new Innovation Lab in Cambridge, and we are looking for enthusiastic individuals who like tackling broadly different AI challenges to join us.

We cover a wide variety of sectors such as Food, Healthcare, Built Environment, Aerospace, and partner with both public and private organisations to make our world safer, more secure and resilient. Why not partner with the organization that is creating standards on disruptive technologies, including AI?

In this Data Science role, you will partner with the global key data owners and AI partners to further our goals of providing solutions designed at increasing Trust, Sustainability and Resiliency. This role will team with our Innovation team which are creating solutions that redefine digital assurance and advanced predictive analysis. You will work closely on data experiments, projects and solution builds across multiple business units and industries and will report into the Director of AI and Data Science.

Do you believe the world deserves excellence?

As the leading global business standards company BSI helps 80,000 clients worldwide to improve their businesses. From business continuity to recycling waste, from medical devices to the exploration of space, we help businesses embed the habits of excellence so that they perform better, manage their risks more effectively and achieve sustainable growth and in doing so we touch the lives of many across the globe.

What We Offer

We offer a highly competitive starting salary with 27 days annual leave with the opportunity to increase this to 30 days, company-paid private medical insurance, an excellent company-contributed pension scheme, and a wide range of flexible benefits that you can tailor to suit your life-style.

Education/Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or higher in a quantitative/technical or related field
Relevant experience in one of the following areas: Data engineering, database engineering, business intelligence or business analytics
Hands-on experience in writing complex, highly optimized SQL queries across large data sets
Experience in scripting languages like R, Python, etc.
Advanced ability to draw insights from data and clearly communicate them (verbal/written) to the stakeholders and senior management as required
Experience in working and delivering production projects with a team
Our Excellence Behaviours: Client-centric, Agile, Collaborative. These three behaviours represent how we do things at BSI. They help us ensure that BSI is a great place to work and a highly successful business.

To protect our candidates and BSI employees during the Covid-19 outbreak, all interviews will take place remotely.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Staffing & Recruiting Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology