Placement - Python and JavaScript engineers for high-tech manufacturing innovation lab
ALTEN LTD - UK
Derby, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Alexandra CATANA
Experienced Recruiter at ALTEN LTD - UK Engineering Recruitment
Send InMail
Who we are:
Alten, a leader of engineering and technology consultancy, provides support for its clients in the fields of engineering, R&D, and IT systems in over 28 countries. Made up of 34 000 engineers, Alten provides support in Aerospace, IT, Defence, Ground Transportation, Energy, Life Science, and Financial Services.

The opportunity:
If you are interested in developing smart, innovative solutions to complex industry challenges as part of a cross-functional project-based team, then we want to hear from you!
Alten is launching a new UK Innovation Lab to join the existing network of four Labs in France. Based in Derby, this Lab will enable Alten to evolve its offering through the delivery of innovation initiatives. Projects will be particularly focused on digital transformation, process/system automation and leveraging the value of data through visualisation and data science techniques.
This 1-year placement offers the opportunity to have early responsibility as part of this new dynamic team and to apply cutting edge technology to real world problems.
You will be:
Delivering on agile technology projects throughout their lifecycle: from setting objectives, to thinking up smart solutions, to validating the performance of those solutions
Utilising innovation development methodologies
Expanding and using your technical skills
Working with consultant teams to validate and improve your solutions
Learning how to report, present, and discuss your work

Who are we looking for?
The ideal candidate is curious, positive, creative, collaborative, and looking to challenge themselves. We need individuals who are comfortable with change and ambiguity and are ready to hit the ground running to deliver impactful projects as part of a cross functional team.
We also celebrate multiple approaches and points of view. We believe diversity drives innovation, so we are building a culture where difference is valued and encouraged.

Requirements:
You are currently working towards a Master’s degree in Computer Science (or similar)
You have experience in programming (ideally Python or JavaScript)
You write clean code, test thoroughly, and care about the people who use the things you create, taking pride in your work
Preferably you also have experience with Machine Learning, Big Data or Artificial Intelligence technologies
You bring a technical and analytical approach to problem solving
You demonstrate a high level of communication skills
You have evidence of independently growing your own knowledge, skills, and experience
You have a basic understanding of Agile and version control practices

Location
Based at the Alten Derby office
Flexible/remote working options available
Some travel may be required

What we offer:
Competitive salary in line with level of experience
A chance to work on the many of most exciting engineering projects and technologies
Private Medical & Travel Insurance
Pension Scheme
Cycle-to-work Scheme among many additional benefits
Seniority Level
Internship
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Internship
Job Functions
Engineering Project Management Consulting