Product Director - New Value
Spotify
London, England, United Kingdom
The Freemium R&D team oversees the entire user journey on Spotify and ensures we engage with people in innovative ways, every step of the way. Our team grows Spotify’s audience by finding future listeners around the world and delivering the right value to them, at the right time. With research, product development, product design, engineering, and marketing all collaborating in one organization, we’re able to quickly create meaningful features and services for millions of people around the world, resulting in joyful, long-lasting relationships with Spotify.

We are on the lookout for Product Director to lead our Value product area, setting the long term vision and leading the Product team responsible for the execution of that vision. Together with your Engineering, Design, and Insights partners, your group will be responsible for identifying and validating opportunities to build new value propositions to improve our Free and Premium products. You will also be part of the product leadership team where you will contribute to the overall strategy for the group.

As Spotify has expanded the markets it is available in, we have been acquiring an increasingly diverse user base with a different set of needs and expectations. This team plays a key role in identifying the audiences that Spotify is not the first choice for, and the user needs we are not meeting today. In this role you will be able to directly see the impact you’re having on user’s lives and the Spotify business all over the world!

What You'll Do
Define and drive product vision, strategy and metrics for the overall organization and support Product Managers on your team in doing the same for their teams.
Look for new growth opportunities for Spotify beyond the boundaries of your current strategy.
Partner with cross-functional leaders to cultivate a team culture of impact, performance, happiness, and health.
Ensure your team is focusing on the right things, balancing short versus long term needs.
Develop positive relationships with senior leaders and partners across the organisation, effectively gaining consensus of strategy.

Who You Are
You have substantial experience delivering highly successful and innovative software products as a product leader, with several years experience hiring, growing and directly managing Product Managers at all stages of their careers.
You have previous experience conceptualising, building, shipping and operating consumer products.
You are a veteran user of data to make decisions, and you have an in-depth knowledge of the latest A/B testing techniques.
You're a strong communicator and collaboration is at the heart of everything you do
You have broad technical breadth and depth including familiarity with machine learning and experience building machine learning products.
You have got a strong intuition based on a broad range of experiences, but you take a critical mind even to your own ideas and are ready to be challenged by colleagues of all levels

Where You'll Be
We are a distributed workforce enabling our band members to find a work mode that is best for them!
Where in the world? For this role, it can be within the EMEA region in which we have a work location
Prefer an office to work from home instead? Not a problem! We have plenty of options for your working preferences. Find more information about our Work From Anywhere options here .
Working hours? We operate within the Central European time zone for collaboration

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 345 million users.
Industry
Marketing & Advertising Computer Software Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Product Management Marketing