Entry Level Data Engineer  Data Analyst  Python Developer
The App Experts
London, England, United Kingdom
Company Background

Job Level: Junior or Entry Level or Mid Level

Head Quarters / Office Location: London

The App Experts is an IT management and consulting firm based in Tower Hill Central London. We are responsible for sourcing and hiring field experts for various fortune 500 companies such as Red Bull and Barclays previously and we are currently working with Metro Bank and Spotify. We primarily work with Software and Cloud Hosted Services organizations as well as Mobile Apps and Service companies. We are looking for qualified individuals that possess a student mentality, love of travel and a drive to succeed.

What You Will Be Doing

You will be joining our ever-expanding data engineering team as it grows to meet the needs of the market. We want individuals who think "outside the box" and are comfortable with data engineering tasks& python. The ideal candidate for this role is highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. They are a team player possessing critical thinking and problem-solving skills with a passion for machine-learning and research. They need to possess the technical skills to explain the "how" and "what" behind technical decisions to non-tech stakeholders.

What You Need For This Position
At least Bachelor’s college/university degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Economics, or related fields
Alternatively, atleast skills in Data Analyst or Data Scientist, or Research Assistant or Data Engineering or Big Data or as Junior Data Engineer or Machine Learning Engineer or Python Developer or Junior Statistician or Juinor Data Analytics , Data Analyst, Big Data
Proficient in Python but we accept also exp with functional/object-oriented programming. If candidate has data analytics /engineering exp
Ability to translate objectives to a project plan with milestones, and resource/technology requirements, and teach, lead, and manage projects/people/clients to successful execution.
Ability to work across multiple engagements with clients to assess needs, provide assistance, and resolve problems, using structured problem solving and communication to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Availability to travel and live in the across europe. (Particularly in London for training; but company will aid with travel/housing expense)
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology