Data Science Engineer
Anglian Water Services
Lincoln, England, United Kingdom
Circa £35,000

Permanent

Home based & Lincoln

Full time, 37 hours per week

Anglian Water offers a flexible approach, this role offers you the flexibility to work from home and from an Anglian Water office. Your base location would be in Lincoln.

Your career with us starts here

Join us in a role as Data Science Engineer using your skills to model large datasets from dissimilar data sources using programming languages such as SQL and Python.

You’ll have the opportunity to learn and develop Data Science skills from experienced practitioners. You’ll be working with Data Scientists to explore the data using algorithmic, data mining, artificial intelligence, machine learning and statistical tools.

The role will provide opportunities for practical application of Data Science techniques on the biggest challenges that Anglian Water is facing.

With the support of experienced Data Scientists, the Data Science Engineer will use machine learning tools and statistical techniques to produce solutions to some of the biggest challenges facing Anglian Water while exploring the capability of cutting-edge tools to develop algorithms and automated data transformation.

Staying curious and knowledgeable in other to propose new and innovative data ingestion, preparation, integration and operationalisation techniques to optimally address the consumption requirements of analytics.

As a Valued Employee, You’ll Be Entitled To
Personal private health care
26 days annual leave – rising with length of service
Flexible working
Competitive pension scheme – Anglian Water double-matches your contributions up to 6%
Bonus scheme
Flexible benefits to support your wellbeing and lifestyle.

What does it take to be a Data Science Engineer?
Educated to BSc or MSc in computer science, statistics, applied mathematics or relevant subjects
Experience within data governance and analytics applications, with specific domain knowledge for this role.
Strong experience with advanced analytics tools for Object-oriented/object function scripting using languages such as Python or R.
Strong experience with SQL and other popular database programming languages for relational databases.
Deep domain knowledge or previous experience working in the business
Experience in working with data science teams in refining and optimizing data science and machine learning models and algorithms is preferred

Why Anglian Water?

At Anglian Water our culture involves collaborative, innovative and inspiring work putting people at the heart of our business and we truly love what we do! If you care about excellent customer service, your career and the environment, then we want to hear from you. We enable environments to flourish and families to get on with their day to day lives we truly love what we do!

Closing date: 28th July 2021
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Utilities
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology