Junior Data Engineer
Experian
Nottingham, England, United Kingdom
Data Engineer

Who are we?

Experian pH is a tech scale up acquired by Experian, a successful FTSE 100 company, that develops incredible software to help shape the business landscape. Our clients include the biggest banks, telcos, consultancies and we are even helping the government with their Covid response.

Innovation is at the centre of everything we do. We understand that great ideas come from great people, and great people thrive when they’re trusted to challenge, change, improve, and perfect our products and processes.

Our values are critical to our success. We strive to be inclusive, diverse, collaborative and forward thinking.

Our unique culture is bringing together a talented set of diverse problem solvers to design, build and maintain. We pride ourselves in excellence, adopting best practices and holding ourselves to the highest standards.

Day to day life

Typically, you’ll spend most of your day coding and problem solving; working with your team to design and implement new features.

We start our day with a quick stand-up discussing the project the team is currently working on, any blockers we have, and planning for the day ahead. We then break off into individually, in pairs or small groups to complete various pieces of work.

It isn’t all about work at pH we hold regular games nights (currently virtual) and in more normal times you’ll often find a group heading out to have lunch together or go to the pub after work.

You

We are recruiting an entry level data engineer to join our agile team. We are transforming the way we serve clients to a service orientated software architecture. Do you want to be part of the team building this brand-new platform?

What We Are Looking For Is
Passion about programming with a genuine interest in data
A keenness to learn and to work in a highly collaborative environment
Strong communication, excellent attention to detail and problem-solving skills
An appreciation that the simple solution to a problem – while often harder to discover than the complex one - is usually best
Essential Duties And Responsibilities

Development – time taken 75%
Writing SQL queries on multiple multi-million row tables quickly and efficiently
Use PL/SQL, Java or Python to create or improve the efficiency of processes or services
Writing and maintaining automated systems/test suites
Perform/assist with ongoing monitoring and maintenance of current applications
Teamwork and knowledge sharing – time taken 15%
Provide pro-active status reports and progress updates to team leads as required, for all assignments
Engage with your assigned team to provide thoughts/estimates/insight for in progress or future assignments
Personal development – time taken 10%
Understand and participate in performance management processes
Continuously improve knowledge of chosen field or programming language and suggest new and improved solutions to old challenges
Could this role be for you

We are interested in candidates with the following degrees

Mathematics, Physics/Chemistry, Information Technology, Computer Science or Data Science.

Not essential, but experience with the following tools and languages would be favourable
Primary
Oracle SQL + PLSQL
Python
Jenkins, Maven
Secondary / Emerging
Java 11+, Spring
Apache Kafka, Kafka streams
Artifactory, Docker, Sonarqube
Javascript
Postgres
Openshift, AWS
Apache Solr
Why choose us?

You will be part of a fun, innovative and growing agile team! Our culture and social scene are as important to us as our clients. We believe work should be enjoyable, challenging and rewarding!

Benefits
Smart, friendly colleagues keen to share their knowledge and learn new things from you
25 days holiday (Option to buy/sell 8 more)
Generous pension (5% employee + 10% employer)
Critical illness cover
Life assurance
Bupa medical cover (+ Family cover)
Gym discounts
Free local restaurant lunch once per week
Multiple social events throughout the year
Flexible working
Many more
As an Experian employee, you can do the work you love, be yourself, and make an impact in the lives of millions. Our commitments to diversity and inclusion, team culture and the spaces where we work all reflect our mission to unlocking the power of data and technology to make a positive difference to our society and communities.
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology