Data Scientist
Real Chemistry
London, England, United Kingdom
Real Chemistry is a global health innovation company with offices across the United States and Europe. We believe that the way to real, transformative change is through the uncommon combination of disciplines, technologies, and our greatest asset – our people. We are currently looking to add to our alchemic mix of more than 1,800 talented professionals. This is a great opportunity to join a dynamic, fast-growing global company committed to making the world a healthier place for all.

Job Summary

We’re looking for a Data scientist to join our Data Science team. Applicants should be smart, curious, and interested in finding data-driven, evidence-based answers to hard problems. You will work side-by-side with our team of data scientists, account staff, and analysts to find creative solutions to the hardest business problems from some of the biggest brands in the world like Intel, Red Bull, and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company.

Our data sciences team splits its time between creating the best products in the marketplace; building and maintaining our data and tools platforms; and working directly with analysts to make sure every project is putting the best data, the smartest algorithms, and the most efficient processes to work for our clients. The data sciences team members collaborate on a variety of projects and have a diversity of technical talent including computer science, statistics, machine learning, information systems, and engineering. We work on a wide range of infrastructure, ranging from python notebooks to cloud computing.

Responsibilities
Partner with analytics team to deliver data-driven answers to clients’ complex business questions
Collaborate and communicate effectively with stakeholders from teams in data sciences, analytics, account managers, and creative
Assist in executing the plan by pulling data, applying algorithms, etc.
Compose the right research plan for the project
Craft the narrative to explain the results to internal and client stakeholders
Support the software team in growing and maintaining data and tools platform
Mentor analysts and other staff to use platform most effectively
Drive integration of new data, algorithms, and prototypes into the tools
Develop new data sets and tools to answer clients’ business questions better
Discover new patterns in available data
Develop prototypes of new products and solutions

Requirements Skills & Experience
A Bachelors, Masters or Doctoral degree in Computer Science, Computational Linguistics, Engineering, Statistics, Machine Learning, Natural Sciences, Mathematics, Economics, or any other related quantitative field
Experience in data science or a closely related field
Experienced in writing Python code for ETL pipelines
A knack for explaining complex concepts in simple terms
Experience in data collection, knowledge engineering, machine learning, computational linguistics, or data modelling
Experience with data engineering, data architecture, or data transformation pipelines
Experience with to software development practices – especially Agile
Real Chemistry offers a comprehensive benefit program and perks, including a primary office location outside Spitalfields Market, 25 days holiday, private medical insurance, dental insurance, pension contributions and a five-week sabbatical program. Other perks include health and wellness reimbursements, a subsidised Real Chemistry amazon shop, Friday afternoon happy hours, and free healthy snacks to keep you running all day long. Learn more about our great benefits and perks at: http://www.realchemistry.com/ .
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Marketing & Advertising Computer Software Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology