Data Scientist
Broadstone Resourcing
London, England, United Kingdom
Data Scientist - Central London - Competitive salary plus bonus and benefits

My client, a global healthcare company based in Central London, is looking to recruit a Data Scientist. The Data Scientist will provide data-driven insights and products to drive commercial value and to enable a wide range of strategic business decision processes. This will be achieved by working on complex analyses and/or by developing models to optimise our sourcing approach, drive business growth, reduce waste and support automation across all areas of the business.

Key responsibilities:

Develop our data science capability and advocate for the use of company data and information assets.
Grow the test & learn capability of the company to optimise sourcing strategies.
Provide commercial deep dives into specific business area and translate data into actionable insight & recommendations.
Develop models (rule-based segmentation, decision trees, predictive models) to help decision-making processes.
Serve as a subject matter expert on statistical analysis and convey technical results effectively to a variety of audiences, including those with a non-technical background
Sharing learning and insights across multiple levels and multiple business units
Present complex ideas and recommendation to various level in the organisation
Ensure outputs are accurate, timely and meet the business needs.
Work with wider Analytics team to define new data sources or improving existing ones and on other topics.
Key skills:

Strong data query language/tools skills (e.g. SQL, Alteryx).
Commercial acumen ( e.g. commercial deep dives, business driver reviews).
Skills in creating segmentation and/or predictive models.
Ability to take ownership of projects and to work autonomously.
An understanding of relevant statistical techniques and the ability to interpret the findings from this data.
Be able to set up A/B and multi-variate tests.
R and /or Python language would be beneficial.
Extreme attention to detail and follow-through.
Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills both written and verbal, flexible and adaptive to changes in the business.
Ability to build positive working relationships with internal and external business partners and to influence a diverse set of stakeholders.
Life Sciences/Pharmaceutical exposure desirable.







Broadstone Resourcing Ltd acts as an Employment Agency and an Employment Business and all appointments will be made on merit alone.

Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Hospital & Health Care Logistics & Supply Chain Pharmaceuticals
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology