BI and Analytics Consultant
NTT DATA UK
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Kannen S.
Recruitment Business Partner at NTT DATA UK
Send InMail
About You

We are seeking pragmatic, detail oriented and experienced BI and Analytics Consultants to join our growing Data & Intelligence practice. The ideal person for this role loves to collaborate with other Data professionals, engineers, and business or operations experts to understand and address their data needs.

You will share a passion for Data and how it can be used to develop Data Driven Businesses, innovative ideas and thrive in an environment that embraces collaboration with clients and internal teams to scope, plan and execute projects on time and within budget.

You’ll be responsible for collecting and analysing data that can be translated into insights to guide our client’s business strategies as well as inform their product and service development roadmaps.

You will be well experienced in managing and analysing large sets of data, maintaining data integrity and communicating relevant insights to business stakeholders.

What to expect

You will be expected to shape propositions, support sales activities, deliver client projects, lead teams (on/near/off shore) and manage cross-functional client staff and stakeholders in a variety of contexts, covering multiple sectors, including telecoms and media, banking, insurance, and public sector.

We are looking for someone with a strong background of the BI and Data Analytics landscape and demonstrable experience of delivering data projects utilising a broad range of Data Visualisations, Qualitative and Quantitative Data Analysis as well as the more progressive areas such as Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.

Input into and drive the creation of go-to-market propositions in BI and Analytics.
Support client partners and practice leads in pre-sales activities.
Act as a go-to practitioner in the area of delivering projects in the BI and Analytics field.
Acquiring data from primary or secondary data sources.
Interpreting data, analysing results using visualisations and statistical techniques and providing reports.
Developing and implementing databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimise statistical efficiency and quality.
Using data to answer key questions about the business.
Delivering takeaways from data with statistical significance.
Creating reports and documentation to demonstrate the value of the work delivered.
Input into the shaping of BI and Analytics engagements.
Deliver BI and Analytics projects with/ for our clients.
Remain up to date with the growing applications of Data Analytics and ensure that this knowledge is made available to the wider Data & Intelligence practice.


What’s Important
 Exceptional experience in data, consulting, analytics or a related function involving quantitative data analysis to solve problems.
Comfortable developing and shaping the project vision.
The ability to demonstrate core consulting values.
Ability to operate in demanding situations whilst still having relentless drive to deliver with enthusiasm.
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, analyse, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Python and R.
Expertise with data visualisation tools such as PowerBI, Qlik and Tableau.
Great project management skills and the ability to bring the abstract into focus.
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings.
Data-oriented personality, great communication skills, and an excellent eye for detail.
Combination of technical, creative and business consulting experience.
Must be able to interface with and manage relationships with business people and technologists at senior levels showing competence in both areas.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Consulting Information Technology