Data Scientist
Huntress
London, England, United Kingdom
£45 - £51/hour

London

09/07/2021 (19:44)

Huntress

Data Scientist

A global powerhouse within the social media industry is looking for a Data Scientist to join their team on an initial 6 month contract - The role will be onboarded remotely before joining the team in London.

The main function of the Data Scientist is to produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets.

Job Responsibilities

Apply knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modelling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement.

Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data.

Generate and test hypotheses and analyse and interpret the results of product experiments.

Work with product engineers to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features and provide guidelines for large-scale implementation.

Provide Business Intelligence (BI) and data visualization support, which includes, but limited to support for the online customer service dashboards and other ad-hoc requests requiring data analysis and visual support.Skills Required

Experienced in either programming languages such as Python and/or R, big data tools such as Hadoop, or data visualization tools such as Tableau.

The ability to communicate effectively in writing, including conveying complex information and promoting in-depth engagement on course topics.

Experience working with large datasets.

Education/Experience: Master of Science degree in computer science or in a relevant field.Huntress Search Ltd acts as a Recruitment Agency in relation to all Permanent roles and as a Recruitment Business in relation to all Temporary roles.

PLEASE NOTE: We can only consider applications from candidates who have the right to work in the UK.

Contract

ASAP

6 Months +

Dean Meyer

0207 759 7817

DS323208_1625856284

214171196
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Staffing & Recruiting Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology