Junior Data Scientist - Asset Management
Jobs via eFinancialCareers
London, England, United Kingdom
Job Spec - CIU Data Scientist

Team Description

This is a data science role embedded within the Client Insights Unit (CIU) although the role forms part of the wider Data Insights Unit (DIU). The DIU uses data science skills and technologies to unlock the value in data for decision-making and is primarily focused on supporting Investment desks, however, in order to support and nurture a community of data scientists within Schroders, some DIU members are embedded in other functions within the business.

The Client Insights Unit (CIU) is a business facing team embedded within the Distribution function, located primarily in London, but serving a diverse and global set of stakeholders at all levels right across Distribution and Marketing. The team is responsible for designing and developing a series scalable tools and widgets to generate and deliver insights into the hands of sales staff, relationship managers and marketing practitioners. This encompasses everything from running data science research projects, to developing proof of concepts, building scalable, automated solutions, and integrating these into the day to day lives of users.

Overview Of Role

This role will be focused on the recently formed CIU Data Science team. The team is essentially acting as the bridge between the business and the data.

The Data Scientist will support other data scientists in the team in data exploration and preparation as well as during the modelling (and automation) process. Other tasks will involve the production of analysis reports and presentations or the creation of prototypes and dashboards. Naturally, this requires a blend of skills including data analysis and statistics as well as communication.

Your day-to-day priorities will be defined by the CIU Data Science Manager, providing a clear picture of where most business value can be created.

Responsibilities
Delivery of ad-hoc analysis requests from Distribution or Marketing stakeholders, delivered in tools such as PPT, Excel or Python
Exploration and preparation of new and existing data sets for modelling and analysis
Support in the creation of prototype models, self-service analytical tools and dashboards.
Contributing towards the creation of a set of tools, techniques and practices that maximise the impact and efficiency of the team in…
turning raw data into useful and analysable derived data sets, and
developing re-usable analytical and visualisation methods
Work with the DIU, CIU Data Science Engineers, and IT to develop and enhance the technical tools including steering the development of the analytics data warehouse for enterprise data, and interconnections with various internal data systems.
Sharing data science knowledge to the wider DIU and Distribution Functions.
Ideal Profile
An interest in investment management or finance.
Has a natural flair for insightful analysis.
Passionate to provide insight and clear information to others so they can make better decisions.
Fascinated by the problem of how to make analysis useful and actionable.
Ability to perform and discuss a number of technical information /statistical techniques to a variety to sponsors.
Skills / Experience

Essential Technical Skills
Strength in Maths, Statistics, Econometrics or any other related subject.
Demonstrated experience handling and synthesising large data sets
Attention to detail and able to effectively identify and describe data quality issues
Exposure to Machine learning/Modelling experience - Regression, Classification, Frequentist/Bayesian methods, boosting/bagging algorithms etc.
Effective communication and presentation skills and ability to visualise results
Essential Business Skills
Creativity and problem solving
Commercial focus
Pragmatic, action-oriented
Useful
Relevant degree subject (e.g. Statistics, OR, Data Science, any Science)
Experience with server-scale data analysis
Asset Management / Investment practices
Specific experience with CRM (Salesforce), Sales Teams and Digital analytics
Team Culture

As a Data Scientist in Schroders, you will also be part of the Data Insights Unit, which is a friendly, dynamic and exciting team of over 25 data professionals, and welcomes applications from a diverse range of individuals at all levels of hiring. Schroders has strong support for flexible working practices, including modern technology for remote working. As such we offer a friendly and welcoming home for diverse and neuro-diverse individuals with various home/family arrangements.

The DIU consciously adopts a strengths-based style of management and personal development. We strive to understand people's motivations and strengths and orient their roles to play to these. This applies to their immediate role and as part of their ongoing career development into future roles.

Schroders offers exceptional benefits, including excellent pension and flexible benefits worth roughly 25% of base salary in total. In addition all team members benefit from Schroders' bonus scheme. In this, bonus is shared out across the DIU team with far more weight on team performance than individual performance - we all succeed as a team, and so we share in the rewards as a team. Further details can be given on request.

Schroders is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications regardless of sex, marital status, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religious belief or age.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Financial Services
Employment Type
Contract
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology