Data Scientist
Raytheon UK
Gloucester, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Bethany Price
Talent Acquisition Specialist at Raytheon UK
Send InMail
Data Scientist

Are you a Data Scientist wanting to see more tangible impact of your work? Are you looking to work in a fast paced Agile team with all new ideas are treated with respect?

Join the Raytheon Strategic Research Group!

This Data Scientist role forms part of Raytheon’s Cyber and Intelligence business, with the Strategic Research Group being a multi- disciplinary expert team focused on next generation research is AI, Machine Learning and Cloud Technology.

You will get to work on some of the most impactful projects as part of Raytheon’s SRG team and see a tangible outcome of the work that you do. You will utilise and research new Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence techniques, to deliver a mix of internally funded and customer funded projects.

You will be given the autonomy and opportunities to advance your career and technological understanding, the team is still a new part of C&I so you will have the opportunity to make immediate impact and work with a team where knowledge is shared and collaboration is key.

We would expect you to bring some of the following skills:

Experience working in a Data Science/similar role
A track record creating early prototypes/thesis
Understanding of machine learning models, algorithms and techniques
Working knowledge of Python and the wider data science toolkit such as Scikitlearn, Jupyter and other appropriate tools

The above is a guideline to the kind of things you will be working on, if you don’t match these skills exactly but bring other things to the table we’d still love to hear from you.

In return we can:

Offer continuous development options with access to training courses and certifications
Pay you a salary in-line/ slightly above market rate (Happy to disclose at first stage)
Offer a 10.5% pension contribution
Allow flexible working times with early/late finishes and compressed hours if of interest

This is a great role for a Data Scientist looking to take the next step in their career and continue to learn.

Get in touch for more information!
Security
All applicants must be willing to undergo clearance up to DV Level.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Computer & Network Security
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology Science