Product Data Associate (12 month FTC)
Abcam
Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
About the role:

The Abcam Product Data Integration Team are looking for a Scientific Product Data Administrator on a permanent basis to support integration of new product data into the catalogue, to maintain data and ensure consistent, comprehensive and accurate information for customers and internal stakeholders.

Role & Responsibilities:
Input data associated with new product addition.
Produce associated kit protocol booklets in line with guidelines and input from wider teams.
Carry out data updates in a timely manner with high attention to detail.
Carry out data quality checks. This includes screening potential new product data images.
Ensure that Abcam’s high quality standards are maintained.
About you:

You will be educated to at least degree level (or equivalent) in a biological science with strong knowledge of MS office applications. You will have experience working with large datasets and have an understanding of common antibody-based applications to screen product data quality, along with knowledge of databases such as Uniprot, NCBI and PubMed.

You will have excellent attention to detail and written and verbal communication skills to resolve internal & external product data queries in a timely manner. You will have the ability to prioritise and process large amounts of data in a logical and efficient manner, ensuring our customers receive accurate, up-to-date product information quickly.

If this sounds like you and you’d like to be a part of a fast paced, growing business with the vision to become the most influential company and best-loved brand in life sciences please apply now!

Pay And Benefits

In addition to competitive salaries, we offer an attractive and flexible benefits package (including our award-winning share scheme, 18 weeks full paid maternity leave and 6 weeks full paid paternity leave), a culture focused on well-being and opportunities for growth and development, and a highly flexible working environment.

What’s more, as a WORK180 Endorsed Employer, we are recognized globally as an organization that’s diverse, inclusive and supports women in the workplace.

About Us

An idea conceived in a University of Cambridge laboratory in 1998, Abcam plc (www.abcamplc.com) began life as an innovative and entrepreneurial start-up, spearheaded by like-minded individuals who shared a common purpose of providing the scientific community with quality antibody reagents, as well as trustworthy and up-to-date information about their uses and limitations. Abcam has now grown to become a leading supplier of protein research tools to life scientists, whilst always maintaining the core collaborative values assumed at its inception.

Abcam now supports life science researchers in their quest to understand the cause of disease and ultimately offer improvements to diagnoses and treatments. To achieve this outcome, the company both develops and manufactures its own products in specialist facilities across the globe, and sources from over 400 partners, offering scientists the newest, most innovative and highest quality research tools available globally, regardless of source. With a customer base of research scientists who require high performance products with detailed technical specifications, 64% of global researchers use Abcam products.

Inclusion & Diversity

Abcam is an Equal Opportunity Employer and makes all employment decisions without regard to age, national origin, race, ethnicity, religion, creed, gender, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Primary Location

GB-GB-Cambridge

Job

Marketing

Organization

UK

Schedule

Regular

Shift

Standard

Job Type

Full-time

Travel

No

Job Posting

Jul 13, 2021, 11:28:18 AM
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Biotechnology
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology