Data Scientist
Attentiv
London, England, United Kingdom
We are on a mission to transform the spreadsheet-ridden world of supply chain operations.
There are, on average, 13 copies of the same data stored in different systems across an organisation's supply chain. This creates huge inefficiencies for planning and operations teams, resulting in unnecessary safety stocks, lost sales, waste and poor supply chain transparency. In a world starting to prioritise responsible consumption, these are increasingly urgent problems to solve.
Data automation is core to what we do. Our technology stack leverages the latest and greatest cloud data technologies. Many of these technologies are not accessible to the average supply chain operations manager, but we believe that they should be.
Through our consulting work over the past 18 months, we've gained first-hand experience of the problems faced in this area. We're obsessively focused on our users. This will continue to be our core philosophy as we build out our product.

About The Role

We're looking for a mid-level Data Scientist to help develop data automation tools and statistical models that will sit at the core of our product. You'll work alongside two dynamic, ambitious and mission-driven entrepreneurs, experienced in analytics, machine learning and creating user-focused enterprise software. This is a unique and exciting opportunity to work on real customer data problems, but also help shape product development in this nascent and fast-moving area.

Responsibilities
Apply advanced statistical techniques to develop machine learning and predictive models that improve decision making
Deploy models that run reliability and efficiently within our multi-tenant cloud environment
Define and maintain metrics for evaluating and monitoring data quality and model performance
Work with the product development team to architect the “no-code” and adaptive data pipeline execution engine behind our product
Assist the product development team with knowledge of best practices in model development, deployment, and monitoring
Bring expertise in Machine Learning and statistical methods to continuously improve our data stack
Maintain documentation (internal wiki) and run-books for our data models and infrastructure
Contribute to product product direction and strategy
Skills & Experience
An advanced degree in related topics such as Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Signal Processing or Optimisation
3+ years of commercial experience in an individual contributor role
Problem solving skills, with strong emphasis on statistical model development
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques and their real-world advantages and drawbacks
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques (e.g., properties of distributions, bayesian inference, variational methods)
Fluent in Python, and common numerical and machine learning libraries (e.g., Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, TensorFlow, PyTorch, scikit-learn, PyStan)
Experience querying databases using statistical languages and/or SQL
Ability to develop production-ready statistical models that can be applied to large and scaling data sets
Experience deploying models to cloud infrastructure, ideally using large-scale data processing tools (e.g., Apache Spark / Databricks)
Bonus: Experience with time-series forecasting and Bayesian techniques
Bonus: Software engineering experience, to aid collaboration with our product development team
Bonus: Experience with visualisation tools like Tableau, Looker, PowerBI
Bonus: Experience operating in the dynamic and fast-paced environment of an early-stage startup
Macbook/Dell XPS
Flexi-working
Free snacks
Telephone call
Interview with Co-founder 1
Interview with Co-founder 2
Offer!
Python, Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Data ModelingPython, Pandas, SQL, AWS
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology