Technical Support Analyst
Talent Ticker
Cardiff, Wales, United Kingdom
Posted by
Elisabeth Rilatt
Talent Acquisition Partner at Talent Ticker - WE ARE RECRUITING
Send InMail
Technical Support Analyst
 Talent Ticker is the world's first predictive market intelligence platform. Awarded 'Best Start-up' and 'AI Company to watch', we are now looking to hire a Technical Support Analyst to help accelerate our product roadmap implementation.
 Using AI, our SaaS solution enables clients to set themselves apart from the competition with accurate & deeper predictive market knowledge.
 You will be working with both our customer support and technology teams by helping diagnose and address technical issues raised by customers and the wider organisation across our product portfolio. 
 This role provides a great opportunity to quickly gain experience in a number of areas for promotion into a further technical role. 
 Snapshot of Responsibilities:

Liaise with customer support, sales, and users to log and processes technical issues and help requests. 
Triage raised issues. 
Reproduce, diagnose, and fix issues where possible. 
Oversee escalations - Liaise with other members of the technology team as well as our research team to solve complex validated issues. 
Provide reports on customer issues, experience, and product quality to management. 
Develop user support documentation. 
Contributing to testing and validation where appropriate. 
 We use a cutting-edge, cloud-focused tech stack, including (but certainly not limited to): Python 3.x, Serverless, AWS (e.g. EC2, Lambda, SQS/SNS, Fargate, Aurora), PosgresSQL, MongoDB and ElasticSearch. BUT – we are advocates of using the right tools for the right job and always strive to stay on top of the latest developments in the industry.
 You must be able to work independently and be self-motivated, whilst also being able to work effectively in cross-functional teams. We are committed to innovation here and strongly encourage it with events and tools such as Hackathons, meetups, E-Learning, Learning lunches and Lightning Round Talks. 
 What we're looking for:
 Experience in a similar support role is highly desirable, but not mandatory.  
The following specific skills are desirable. 
 Any high-level programming language.  Javascript and/or Python are highly desirable. 
Issue tracking software e.g. Jira 
Micro-services architectures 
NoSQL (MongoDB, ElasticSearch) and SQL (Postgres SQL) 
Hands-on experience with AWS or other Cloud Services infrastructure 
Source control software e.g. git 
Containers and their management tools e.g. ECS/Kubernetes/Fargate 
Messaging/Asynchronous frameworks/platforms 
Understanding of data science/A.I. concepts 
  In return you will receive:
Competitive salary
Central Cardiff offices (when we’re back in the office)
Flexible working
A great team that feels like a family
Unlimited paid time off
Pension
Future share option
Free breakfast, fruit, and breakfast
 If you want to join, learn, and develop your career as part of our Talent Ticker family, feel free to reach out to Elisabeth Rilatt to explore this opportunity in detail.
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Internet Computer Software
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology