Data Scientist
Peak
Manchester Area, United Kingdom
Posted by
Charlie Moore
Talent Manager at Peak | The Decision Intelligence Company | Hiring in Data Science, Product & Engineering
Send InMail
Purpose of the role

To work with clients across multiple sectors; applying the latest research and technology to overcome real life commercial problems.

The opportunity  

Peak are a Decision Intelligence company - where we are democratising AI for every business and building a great company that everyone loves being part of. We are on a mission to help organisations use AI to make great commercial decisions, all the time. We have ambitious plans over the coming years - to create and lead a new category of enterprise software; the decision intelligence system (Decision Intelligence), expand our operations and create the best working culture possible. Being a Data Scientist at Peak places you right at the heart of the company and at the forefront of developing practical & innovative solutions to help our customers grow and become more efficient. This is an exciting opportunity to develop your career in data science and gain highly sought after experience in the Decision Intelligence field, as we start the next stage of our global growth. 

Diversity is powerful

At Peak, we are also focused on building an amazing company: we strive to be the place where a diverse team of talented people is enabled to do their best work. We pride ourselves on bringing Decision Intelligence to our customers around the world, and we know our company relies on the creative work and dedication of our passionate teams. We are strong believers in equality and diversity of gender, ethnicity, race, sexual orientation, religion, national origin and all the other fascinating characteristics that make us unique. Our recent Best Companies award & World class accreditation for being one of the top companies to work for is a testament to this.

The role 

You’ll work as a key part of the data science team, who shape our products and drive growth by transforming how our customers operate. Interfacing with diverse people and situations - from academic experts to being onsite with our customers; this position requires a high degree of autonomy and responsibility. Furthermore, there is considerable opportunity to expand the role as Peak grows.

We’re looking for leading expertise in machine learning and data mining. An essential part of the role will involve keeping up-to-date with technological developments and research in the area. You must be enthusiastic for the discipline, excited by novel applications that these techniques offer, and have the ability to communicate your understanding and findings clearly to experts in other disciplines. 
 Our core values

We are looking for teammates who are:

Open - excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to clearly communicate complex information to those in other disciplines. 
Driven – shows high levels of drive, energy, resilience and a desire for professional excellence.
Curious - naturally inquisitive with a problem-solving mindset. 
Smart – keeps up to date with the latest data science news, market results and industry announcements. 
Responsible - effectively balance competing priorities and work productively as part of the team. 

We’d love it you have

Prior experience in one or some of - statistical modelling, machine learning, data mining, unstructured data analytics, natural language processing.
Programming skills/concepts and the ability to pick up new technology with ease. Prior experience in R, Python and/or other statistical tools/languages are a plus.  
Familiarity with relational databases and intermediate level knowledge of SQL are a big bonus as you’ll be working with different datasets.
Sound understanding of a wide range of statistical techniques. 
The ability to understand and present findings to a non-technical audience. Prior experience in data visualization and/or deriving insight from a wide variety of data sources is a plus.

What we offer

Opportunity to make a large impact in a fast-growing company with global ambitions and influence Peak’s early success in entering the global market.
Competitive compensation package including options, pension and generous holiday entitlement.
A fantastic working environment with open communication channels, flat hierarchy and a truly collaborative style.
Great maternity leave benefits (more details here).
Mental and physical health support through a variety of channels, e.g., Headspace and Spill app subscriptions, online yoga/boxing/HIIT classes, regular team days and social activities (online at the moment).
Cycle to work initiative and public transport season ticket loans.
Learn from like minded & talented individuals across multiple disciplines.
Opportunity to develop in various areas that you may take an interest in as part of your personal development. 

About Peak

In an age when becoming AI and data-driven is one of the most important things businesses must do, it can also be one of the most challenging. That’s where Peak comes in; our CODI system sits at the heart of our client’s businesses, enabling the rapid unification, modelling and - most importantly - use of data - helping decision makers make great commercial decisions, powered by AI. All supported by our world-class data science team.

Founded in 2014, Peak has grown rapidly, in line with the world’s fastest growing SaaS companies, winning numerous awards and attracted significant funding to support the company’s ongoing investment in machine learning and AI technologies. All to further our mission to become the world’s leading AI System business.

Headquartered in Manchester, Peak also has offices in London, Edinburgh, Jaipur and Brisbane. Our clients include some of the world's leading retailers, manufacturers and well-known brands alongside highly innovative and tech-savvy businesses. Peak is an Amazon Web Services (AWS) Partner, and holds Machine Learning Competency and Retail Competency status.

What to see more?
You can check some of our articles on Medium!
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology Engineering