Data Scientist
Tata Consultancy Services
Norwich, England, United Kingdom
Are you a Data Scientist with a passion for delivering excellence?
Do you enjoy working in a fast-paced environment, helping our clients deliver mission-critical complex projects?
Are you an expert in Data & Analytics & looking for a new exciting role?
If you answered yes to the above, then we would love to hear from you!

As a Data Scientist, you will be joining our Team in Norwich, UK. This is a permanent role. TCS is a leading provider of Data & Analytics services for large UK based Insurance organisation. We are looking to hire a senior data scientist to augment our existing Data engineering and Data practice teams to help drive customer value in the area of data science.
 Key Responsibilities:
Collaborate with TCS Data architects, SMEs and Data engineering teams to create tailored propositions in data science for business users   
Review customers existing data science approach, data science engineering propositions and model development approaches and suggest best practices
Present approaches for leveraging structure and unstructured data within and outside ecosystem to create tailored data science propositions based on insights
Support new business development and TCS footprint expansion in customers Data science landscape
Identify valuable data sources and produce solutions show casing AI/ML capabilities
Undertake data gap assessments and work collaboratively with Data architects, engineers to derive Insights from Data
Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns
Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms
Data Story telling - Present information using data visualization techniques
Collaborate with TCS data architects, data engineering and practice teams to create tailored propositions
Use combined knowledge of computer science, data modelling, statistics, analytics and maths to solve problems
Use strong Insurance business acumen, as well as an ability to communicate findings, and mine vast amount of data to create useful insights

Person Specification:
Proven experience as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst
Experience in data mining, understanding of machine-learning and operations research
Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an asset
Experience using data science platforms ( e.g Dataiku, Datarobot), business intelligence tools (e.g.BO/Qlik) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop, Data lake)
Strong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra)
BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field; graduate degree in Data Science or other quantitative field is preferred
Experience in Statistics, predictive trends and analysing patterns
Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.


Explore the world of TCS here: https://www.paperturn-view.com/?pid=MTA108652


Due to a high volume of applications, we will be unable to contact each applicant individually regarding the status of their application. If you have not received a direct response within 30 days then the application should be deemed unsuccessful.
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology