Data Platform Analyst
Wavemaker
London, England, United Kingdom
Reports to: Global Data and Platforms Director

Role context:
The Data Platform Analyst sits within Wavemaker Technology team. The Technology team, in turn, is part of the Wavemaker Global Consulting Hub. The role of the Consulting Hub is to set Wavemaker strategy across the technology agenda, to help our largest clients and client teams deliver the highest quality consulting services that complement our media agency responsibilities. 
You will be working on a variety of projects focusing on the collection, aggregation and visualization of data. You will work with some of the worlds leading brands to help shape their data strategy and to drive value for Wavemaker. 

Core responsibilities: 
       Automated reporting including key stages data collection, data harmonization, data transformation and data visualization steps (ETL) 
       Datawarehouse architecture and management  
       Data visualization, creation and support of dashboards 
       Develop automated data QA processes and solutions 
       Communicate technical terms to non-technical people in easy and understandable way 
       Requirements gathering for new projects 
       Evolving product offerings – how can we improve what we do today? 
 Required skills: 
       Proven Experience as a Business Analyst
       Development skills
       SQL 
       Power BI 
       Tableau 
       Excel 
       May be experienced with cloud tech such as Google Cloud and Azure 
 About Wavemaker
We believe there always is a better way to grow. We positively provoke growth for our clients by reshaping consumer decision-making and experiences through media, content and technology. Fueled by the world’s most powerful consumer data, we understand where and how marketing can intervene decisively to help the world’s leading brands win more sales.
Our 7,600 people across 90 markets provoke growth through:
deep knowledge of our clients’ business
confidence to challenge what’s gone before
the support to go further than we thought possible
We are a part of GroupM, WPP’s global media investment management company. Discover more on wavemakerglobal.com, Twitter and LinkedIn
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Marketing & Advertising
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology