Data Engineer SQL Python Machine Learning
Client Server
London, England, United Kingdom
2337
London, England, £50000 - £60000 per annum + benefits

Job Type: Permanent

Managed by: Data Team

Data Engineer (SQL Python Machine Learning Python Cloud REST API) *Remote Interview WfH*. Global games software house is seeking a data centric technologist. You'll be working on complex and interesting systems using the latest technology within a modern Cloud based environment, continually learning and progressing your career.

As a Data Engineer you will collaborate with software developers, architects and data engineers with the aim of making more intelligent decisions for players to give them what they want, when they want it. You'll work across different areas of the business to help identify and develop models to ensure members have the best possible onsite experience; you'll have the freedom to come up with new ideas, proof of concepts and prototypes, collaboratively problem solving as part of a diverse and supportive team.

Typically you'll be building predictive models, partnering with data engineers to ensure models run efficiently, summarising complex concepts and making them presentable for stakeholders, building scalable solutions and RESTful APIs to expose models as a service. You'll explore new tools, data, algorithms and analytical techniques, staying up to date with new innovations in the field of Machine Learning.

Driven by technology this company can offer a remote interview / onboarding process and work from home during the current social distancing measures; thereafter you'll be based in awesome offices in Central London with a wide range of facilities and flexibility to work from home for part of the week (1-2 days).

Requirements
You have a strong knowledge of SQL, PL/SQL and Data Warehousing
You have experience of data processing with Python
You have experience with Cloud based engineering, GCP or AWS
You've worked with Agile software development teams, have great communication skills and translate complex information for non-technical stakeholders
You're collaborative, keen to share ideas and continually improve
You're degree educated in a relevant STEM discipline
As a Data Engineer you will earn a competitive salary (to £60k) plus benefits.

Apply now or call to find out more about this Data Engineer (SQL Python Machine Learning Python Cloud REST API) opportunity.

REF: BB/16753/B/KS/120721_1626081078
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Computer Software Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology