Senior Artificial Intelligence Engineer & Data Scientist
Singular Intelligence
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Sarvesh Kumar
Founder & CEO Singular Intelligence, Entrepreneur,Mentor,System Builder
Send InMail
Singular Intelligence is an Artificial Intelligence software company backed by Oxford University and InnovateUK, the UK Innovation agency. We are now hiring a Senior Artificial Intelligence Engineer & Data Scientist to join our UK team, based either in London or Oxford regions.

The ideal candidate will have research expertise in multiagent systems, agent-based modelling, machine learning, and some practical experience in building software testbeds for agent-based models. This technical leadership role spans ongoing industrial research projects, product development, and live customer pilots and rollouts. You would have completed your PhD in a relevant subject and complemented research experience with industry projects solving real-life problems and challenges. Your role would include the following:

AI and data-led innovation to improve product performance metrics
Design, Roadmap and Data considerations
Hands-on modelling as well as programming for production 
Plan and Lead the track from a technical perspective with data engineering and UI development with others in the team
Interact with Customers directly, technical stakeholders 

The key skills and experiences should include :
PhD in the relevant domain.
Multiagent systems, agent-based modelling,
Background in statistics and ability to write complex models with experience of first-principles based mathematical modelling/statistical modelling/data science/machine learning
Ability to solve problems independently using an analytical approach
Good understanding of ML fundamentals with experience in major machine learning paradigms such as supervised and unsupervised learning.
Exposure to reinforcement learning would be an added advantage
Exposure to data analysis and application of mathematics principles to gain insights from data.
Exposure to major machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Keras, Pytorch etc.
Exposure to multiple programming languages including Python, using tools such as NumPy, SciPy & Pandas.
Developing a new hypothesis and connecting observed behaviour to potential product solutions
Experience in building and testing AI solutions, including data science models.
Experience in Data preparation and cleansing 
Expert level programming skills in Python 
At least Basic working knowledge of Databases – Relational as well as Big Database engines having worked on both Windows and Linux environments 
Other skills: Use of cloud environment for development and production, Office automation tools, planning tools. 
Team Competencies: 
A team player and team builder 
Ability and flair for working with a team of multi-disciplinary expertise 
Aptitude for working with a diverse group from different cultures and regions 
Discipline and efficiency in a Virtual team 
Flexibility for short term travel 

In the current COVID-19 foreseeable future, you are expected to work from home. However, as the situation improves, we can evaluate working from our office in Level39, Canary Wharf.

As an early-stage entrepreneurial company, we offer market-leading compensation that includes cash, bonus and equity.
Employment Type
Full-time