Technical Coach: Data Science
Digital Futures
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Lisa Carpenter 2nd
Data Science Instructor Lead at Digital Futures
Send InMail
Digital Futures is a UK technology services and training company.

We were established in direct response to the urgent need to improve diversity within the technology sector and increase the overall level of digital skills within the wider UK economy.

Our mission is to help individuals, from all backgrounds, start their career in technology, to create sustainable employment and accelerate the transition to a skills-based economy.

We help organisations build technology teams representative of society and focus on the identification and development of exceptional engineering talent with the required aptitude, curiosity and ambition to become leaders of tomorrow.

About The Role

We're looking for the kind of person to help manage and deliver our immersive 12-week Data Science learning experience, but you are also the kind of person who wants to be more than an instructor. You want to have impact on the business, be part of a purpose-driven community, and work with a small group of bright, hard-working, and motivated colleagues to change people's lives.

We actively source trainees from minority and non-traditional backgrounds and then help them start their digital future through our learning pathways. They'll learn at the Academy in our intensive immersion training and then spend 2 years in industry, so you'll be responsible for helping build our community a long way into the future.

As part of our burgeoning learning team at Digital Futures, your role is both facilitator extraordinaire, a catalyst to accelerate how learners acquire skills and behaviours, and technical expert: you're looking forward to sharing your experience and expertise in software development.

We're on the leading edge of curriculum design with a lot of experience to help you thrive, and that no doubt excites you. Here are some education topics that might whet your appetite: mastery learning, formative assessment, skills and process review, evidence-based learning, requirements-driven project-based learning, and peer-led community learning and much more.

Responsibilities:

Members of our learning team wear a number of hats day to day, including:
Cohort lead: you'll be balancing bringing the best out of each student, shaping and keeping the delivery of the course on schedule, while reporting on progress to the team.
Learning specialist: using the latest educational tools and techniques, you might work with learners individually to help them customise their own learning plans on their journey towards becoming self-led learners.
Mentor: you'll help trainees develop the skills and behaviours that will set them up for success in industry, by leveraging your own experience as a professional Data Scientist.
Coach: you'll work with trainees to better understand their goals, to reflect on their learning, and to better equip them for solving problems they are facing
Technical expert: you'll use your technical expertise to help trainees create a picture of what good data science and good collaboration looks like, give feedback on their development processes, as well as guiding them towards solving problems themselves.

Our Requirements:
You should have solid experience as a data scientist – any background is welcome. You should be comfortable wrangling data with Python (or be willing to convert from R!) and SQL, as well as having a good understanding of Data Science techniques.
You should be a good communicator and comfortable talking to people, both individually and in front of a group – you'll be frequently running cohort-wide sessions, small group and 1:1 sessions, both remotely and in person
You have experience helping people to develop - it could be coaching, teaching, mentoring, tutoring or managing people, for example
You're a self-led learner yourself – you keep yourself abreast of the latest digital and technology developments, and think it's important to model the behaviour to trainees
You are growth-oriented – you seek out ways to develop yourself and empower others

Your return:

Digital Futures operates a unique compensation model based on the value individuals create. We encourage colleagues to focus on outputs rather than inputs and link compensation to achievement of goals that directly align to our company objectives.

We operate a culture of trust allowing colleagues to manage their own time, working and holiday arrangements and provide several benefits aligned to the modern working age.

For more information see our benefits

About Digital Futures

Digital Futures is a technology services company headquartered in London.

Our purpose is to accelerate the transition to a skills-based economy and deliver enduring value to society by enabling mobility, maximising inclusion and amplifying positive social change through technology.

Specifically, we help organisations build sustainable and diverse technology teams, by identifying and training individuals from both traditional and non-traditional backgrounds in the critical skills required to succeed in a digital future.

For more information please visit www.digitalfutures.com

Digital Futures is an equal opportunity employer, and we're proud of our ongoing efforts to foster diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Individuals seeking employment at Digital Futures are considered without regard to race, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, ancestry, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

By submitting your application, you agree that Digital Futures may collect your personal data for recruiting and related purposes. Our Privacy Notice explains what personal information we may process, where we may process your personal information, its purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over our use of your personal information.
Employment Type
Full-time