Senior Strategic Consultant - Data Science & Analytics
Amey
London, England, United Kingdom
Amey Consulting, exceeding expectations

At Amey Consulting we deliver forward-thinking solutions for the world’s biggest asset owners; giving you the unique opportunity to bring truly ground-breaking work to life. Our success comes from a practical approach. We pride ourselves on solving complex challenges with original thinking, then turning it into a reality. Nowhere else offers quite the same combination of positive influences and experiences to help you deliver your best. We’re proud of what we do, because we’re all given the freedom to perform - it’s what makes a career with us unlike any other.

As a Senior Data Scientist at Amey Consulting no two days are the same. You’ll work with the biggest infrastructure organisations, liaising directly with clients on a wide range of different projects. You’ll use your focused thinking alongside the latest technology to find smarter answers to complex challenges. You’ll be given every chance to build your career how you want, with like-minded team players. And you’ll be in an environment where worklife balance is not just talked about, but achieved.

Smarter Thinking

Are you a Senior Data Scientist passionate about using your skills to make an impact? Are you driven by data, systems and change management to support clients to make better decisions through applying digital intelligence? Do you want to work on high profile projects with clients such as, Network Rail, Highways England and Heathrow Airport?

Amey Strategic Consulting are leading the Asset Management & Infrastructure market in Data Science and in scaling up digital capability within our client operations, all powered by an amazing collaborative team. With a growing team of 120+ employees, working across our 2 offices, London and Manchester, we continue to catalyse sustainable business change through our four key offerings.

The role

You will be required to use a range of technical skills including: data analytics, machine learning, system modelling and optimisation techniques. By coupling this technical capability with clear and concise storytelling, you will support clients to make informed decisions that improve their outcomes by ensuring their decisions are evidence based. Although this role is within our data science offering, we encourage our consultants to cultivate a wide range of both technical and non-technical skills.

In a typical week you will:
Working closely with clients to understand the challenges they face, shape these into well-defined requirements and provide analytical solutions
Developing approaches and analyses that can be transferred across different sectors, helping clients to make better use of their data and drive intelligent decision-making
Exploring new data sets to investigate how they can be used to realise value for clients
Developing new solutions and tailoring tried-and-tested approaches to analytical problems in infrastructure by delivering themselves and/or managing small technical teams
Contributing to developing relationships with high-profile clients up to director level
Help with business development to gain new work and expand commission
We want to hear from you if:
You have a bachelor degree or higher in a STEM subject (or equivalent portfolio/work experience)
Have experience with our core toolset (Python, Git, cloud services such as AWS/Azure)- desired
You’re comfortable with big data technologies e.g. Spark, Cassandra
You have experience contributing to web applications or production programs for analytics solutions
Proven ability to contribute to fast-paced technical projects and quickly understand what needs to be done, even if it’s out of your area of expertise
Demonstrable experience of formulating, solving and implementing analytical solutions to business problems desired
Exposure to managing technical work and directing teams in data & analytics projects
Technical ability in at least one of statistics, machine learning, or data-led business process change, and drive to learn new skills and technology desired
Demonstrable experience in developing robust scripted data analysis, and ability to adapt to our team toolset, including experience with relational databases
Knowledge of Git or other version control systems, and experience using these tools in collaborative software projects
In return:

Our rewards make us better people here at Amey Consulting. If you’re happy, you’ll think smarter. It’s a simple formula but one that puts your wellbeing as a top priority, that’s why we’ve worked hard to build a reward and benefits program that puts you first, including;
Competitive salary
Flexible ways of working
Exceptional development and progression plan
Contributory Pension Scheme
Minimum 24 days holiday + Bank Holidays
Additional Leave Purchase Scheme
Amey Rewards Portal including healthcare, dental and childcare vouchers
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Civil Engineering
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Research Analyst Information Technology