Data Scientist
Grow Football
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Max Kingdon
Head of Product at Grow Football
Send InMail
Junior Data Scientist – CV & ML

LV8 Sport is an innovative sports-tech startup, introducing a unique data-led approach to performance analysis across a select group of sports. The first product from LV8 Sport is Grow Football, an AR-based iOS application which provides players of all levels with detailed analysis of their performance across a range of drills using Computer Vision and Machine Learning techniques to extract quality data from a phone’s camera feed. Currently in public beta, the full version of this application will launch imminently in partnership with a top European football club.

In addition to football, LV8 Sport has developed performance analysis technologies in several other sports, launched through 2021.
                                                                             We are looking for a Junior Data Scientist to join our growing team as we continue to develop these unique technologies.

Your responsibilities will include:
Training, testing and optimising object detection, computer vision and image analysis algorithms for iOS deployment.
Developing and evaluating quantitative scoring metrics from video and pose estimation data.
Preparing and processing imaging data for sure in model training.
Building and maintaining metrics data processing pipelines to improve processes.
Remaining up to date with current state-of-the-art research and literature in ML and CV.

Successful candidates should have:
Good knowledge and understanding in machine learning; particularly object detection, image segmentation, pose estimation and optical flow.
Demonstratable experience applying analytical skills to problems such as data collection, analysis, visualisation, statistics.
Experience in ML frameworks Tensorflow/Pytorch.
Experience training custom deep learning networks and pre-trained CV models such as YOLO or MobileNet.
Experience deploying models in iOS-compatible mobile machine learning frameworks (Apple CoreML, Google MLKit).
Strong programming skills in Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Matplotlib).
Proficiency with good software engineering practices and versioning control (Git).
Excellent organisational, planning and time management skills.
An interest in sports analytics and/or biomechanics.
Previous iOS development is a nice-to-have.

The successful candidate will be hybrid working due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, with travel to SW8 offices.

Please apply via CV and short cover paragraph to careers@lv8sport.com outlining your relevant experience and achievements, and why you feel this opportunity is one that suits your ambitions.

Grow Football (beta) is available on the App Store - https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/grow-football/id1522449055
Employment Type
Full-time