Principal Data Scientist
RSSB
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Sabrina Kapoor
HR Business Partner at RSSB
Send InMail
Our Data Insights Team has recently been set up as a centre of excellence, to play a pivotal role in unlocking the value of organisational data through the generation of novel insights to improve decision making, for both our internal customers and the wider rail industry.
We are looking for a Principal Data Scientist to play a leading role in this area, to understand customer needs, prioritise areas of focus, lead the aggregation and exploration of data, the development of models and garnering of insights, and to translate these into new services. You will work with stakeholders to champion the potential benefits to be gained through the application of data science and lead and coach a small team to provide support in the delivery of key objectives.  

You will have a degree in a maths, science or a computer science discipline, or equivalent or relevant experience, and will be comfortable with applying complex data science techniques and advanced analytics to deliver organisational value. You will have experience of Python, proficiency with SQL for data extraction and experience of analysing requirements, designing and planning solutions to deliver to cost, time and quality objectives. A collaborative approach to problem solving, effective communication skills and the ability to explain complex ideas are also essential together with a commitment to our values.

We are committed to respecting diversity, providing equal opportunities in employment and ultimately creating a workplace which is inclusive to everyone that works for and with us.  

We understand the importance of work-life balance and we offer our staff the flexibility to work within our core hours and the option to vary their location between both the office and home. If you are looking for further flexibility, speak to us at interview stage so that we can consider your request.    
 We value our staff and we offer a competitive benefits package to ensure our staff can achieve their best throughout their journey with us. This includes 30 days annual leave (plus bank holidays); a holiday buy and sell scheme; private medical and dental cover; a season ticket loan and travel subsidy; access to a cycle to work scheme; volunteer leave; a performance related bonus and pension. 

Early applications are encouraged, we may close this vacancy before the advertised deadline if sufficient numbers of applicants are received.
Employment Type
Full-time