Data Engineer - Data Lake Analytics Consultant
Temenos
London, England, United Kingdom
About Temenos

We’re passionate about helping banks to perform better, so we solely focus on creating banking software. Temenos offers cloud-native, cloud-agnostic, API-first digital banking, core banking, payments, fund management, and wealth management software products, enabling banks to deliver consistent, frictionless customer journeys and achieve market-leading cost/income performance. Our products combine the richest end-to-end packaged country model bank functionality and the most advanced technology, helping our clients go-live faster, giving them the freedom to innovate and deliver personalized experiences.
We are technology first, with 700+ published APIs, we partner with 100+ Fintechs in our marketplace. We have been recognized year after year by Gartner, IBS, and Forrester for our award-winning solutions.
Temenos is the 4th largest European Software company, with over 3000 clients in 150 countries. We are proud of our 7500+ Temenosians working across the globe to make banking better!

THE ROLE

The Technical Consultant focused on Temenos Analytics /Data Lake suit exclusively developed for banks - must apply advanced analysis skills and technical experience in implementing system on the client site. He/she must have current experience with implementation of Banking Analytics solutions.

Key Responsibilities

Provide detailed technical work on Data Lake projects being implemented.
Typically the jobholder be working either remotely or on customer sites as part of the Data Lake implementation process.



Skills & Experience

Enterprise-scale technical experience with cloud and hybrid infrastructures, architecture designs, database migrations, and technology management.
Deep knowledge using relational databases MS SQL, Azure SQL.
Data Governance.
Advanced Analytics (SQL DW with Star Schema).
Reporting and Data Visualisation using tools like PowerBI.
Knowledge about Apache Spark, Kafka and/or Kinesis, Azure Events Hub.
Expertise in HDInsight, Hadoop, Cloudera.
The technical aptitude and experience to learn new technologies and understand the relevant cloud/on-prem trend required.
Excellent attention to detail.
Independent problem solver.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Willing to travel from Mon-Friday within Europe.
SQL including OSS (Postgres, MySQL etc).
NoSQL Databases including OSS (Maria, Mongo etc), Cosmos DB.
Big Data including SQL DW, Snowflake, Big Query, Redshift.
Working knowledge of other data integration tools like SSIS or Azure Data Factory is beneficial.
Working knowledge of Linux is beneficial.
Data Science.
Competitive Landscape: Knowledge of cloud development platforms preferred.
Linear Algebra knowledge.
Machine learning.
Scala, Python, Java.


WHY TEMENOS

You will work at the cutting edge of technology innovation; we challenge the status quo and are transforming banking every day.
You will experience in a fast-paced environment, ambitious team; we look forwards and continuously strive to be the best.
You will be part of a team that values integrity; we support each other and keep our promises.
You will be able to work freely, flexibly and true to your authentic self; we champion diversity.
You will be joining a global and diverse family that works together through the good times and bad; we care deeply about each other and our clients.
You will experience what we call – Temenosity!


We value applications from people from all walks of life; if you are excited to be part of our journey and want to make a real impact, we would love to hear from you.

Please make sure to read our Recruitment Privacy Policy

Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology