Data Science Specialist
Elizabeth Norman International
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Letitia Oglesby
I work with businesses to help attract and hire the best Data, Analytics & Insights talent to gain a competitive edge globally.
Send InMail
Job Title: Senior Marketing & Data Sciences Consultant / Director, Data Science
Location: London - 2/3 days in the office
Salary: £60-£75k Basic
 I’m working with a global leading insight partner for some of the world’s biggest brands and companies. With offices in over 60 countries worldwide, they work with clients to help understand consumer behaviour to keep them in the know with what’s happening now - and in the future.
 They are now looking for a Senior Marketing & Data Sciences Consultant (traditionally Research Director level) to sit within their Marketing & Data Science team. This is a special business unit that act as consultants for analytical/statistical input into client proposals, providing technical advice as well as supporting research teams in the design and execution of projects.
 The role
As the Lead UK Analyst for marketing effectiveness measurement, you will be working closely with internal client solution teams to drive business growth whilst managing projects and team members. Having a broad understanding of non-marketing research techniques is a must in order to consult on appropriate solutions to client problems.
 Must have
Experience in a similar role - must have hands-on experience in working with large-quantity, digital/media datasets
A strong background in statistics as well as client management
Strong understanding of advanced analytical techniques in marketing effectiveness measurement - media mixed modelling, campaign evaluation, A/B testing etc.
Ability to manage complex projects whilst managing workloads of the team
Ability to write proposals, reports and clear summary of findings
R - Essential (SPSS, VBA and/or Python is desirable)
 It's an exciting time to join the business with an amazing opportunity to grow and develop an individual. If you're looking for a new challenge, get in touch directly or apply within for more info.  
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Market Research
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Analyst Research Consulting