Data Scientist
South East Water UK
Snodland, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Carl Cameron
HR Resourcing Manager at South East Water UK
Send InMail
Can you harness data to create a compelling story?

 Can tease out relationships in data that will drive better efficiency?

 Do you want a role where you can continue to learn? Then don’t let this opportunity pass you by…
 We want to be the water company people want to be supplied by and want to work for. 

We know that as a Data Scientist you want to use your talents to explain relationships and generate answers to some of the biggest problems we face. You’re someone who doesn’t stop at reporting what is happening; you want to identify relationships and behaviours so you can uncover why it’s happening. So, you can expect to use your passion for data, enthusiasm and creativity to find deep patterns and solve challenges in innovative and imaginative ways here!

Previous experience in the water industry isn’t essential. What’s really important, is that you’re self-motivated, methodical and well-organised in your approach.  Coming with sharp mathematical and programming skills, you’ll show that you can design algorithms, explore big data, and develop experiments. What you really enjoy is looking at larger data sets and teasing our relationships that aren’t obviously apparent. You’ll use traditional statistical approaches in addition to machine learning and AI tools to generate the best solutions. So, you’ll have experience using Oracle, SQL and either Matlab or Python. 

In this role, you’ll work with key stakeholders to integrate and interrogate large data sources to produce actionable insights. Being able to manage ambiguity to solve complex problems and improve effectiveness is what you do best. You’ll gain plenty exposure within our business, as you’ll work with colleagues across our Asset Management, Strategy and Regulation, IS and Operational teams. 

It’s your collaborative approach and ability to relate well to others that will help drive better business performance. You’ll share your techniques and methods to assist with the development and implementation of strategy and plans at the highest level. Knowing how to visualise and present your insights so that a wide range of audiences can understand is what will help others to make better decisions.

This role also offers the opportunity to progress into becoming a Senior Data Scientist as your sharpen and develop your talents and apply these to have bigger impact within our business.

About South East Water
You may not have considered a career with South East Water before. Here’s your chance to make a difference. 
We’re here to provide today’s public water service and create tomorrow’s water supply solutions, fairly and responsibly, working with others to help society and the environment to thrive. 
We deliver 520 million litres of water through 9,000 miles of pipes every day. We draw water from more than 250 boreholes, 6 rivers and 6 reservoirs and we have 83 treatment works to ensure the water we supply is of the highest quality. And, we’re investing £433 million into new resources and innovations during 2020-2025.

What you’ll deliver
You’ll help to design new algorithms, explore big data and develop experiments to supply reports to colleagues within the business.
You;' proven statistical techniques as well as utilising machine learning and AI tools to help solve business problems.
You’ll work closely with colleagues the business to identify issues and use data to propose solutions for effective decision making.
You’ll deliver and present complex findings using a variety of visualisation techniques to share with the wider business, including the executive team
You’ll stay curious to continually research and develop knowledge and new methods to make recommendations on adoption as appropriate.

What you bring to the role
You’ll be degree qualified in relevant statistical subject (i.e. Physics, Mathematics etc.)
You’ll be skilled at appreciating larger data sets and teasing out relationships
You’ll have experience with Oracle and SQL
You’ll been proficient in either Matlab or Python
You’re curious, self-motivated, methodical and well-organised in your approach.

What you can expect from us
Flexible working options
Excellent Stakeholder pension scheme, up to 10% employer contribution
25 days holiday entitlement, rising to 30 days with length of service
Cycle to work scheme
Health care plan
Life assurance
Wellbeing related benefits

Everyone needs water, South East Water welcomes everyone
We know the communities we serve are diverse. We recognise creativity comes from diversity not similarity. That’s why we are enthusiastic about creating inclusion across age, race, gender, ethnicity, religion and identity. You will experience our dedication to equal opportunities and fair treatment for all: through your recruitment, employment and career progression with South East Water.

If this sounds like the opportunity you’ve been looking for, apply now!
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Utilities
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology