Operational Researcher
Department for Transport (DfT), United Kingdom
England, United Kingdom
Job Title: Operational Researcher – Advanced Analytics Division
Job Ref: 132203
Location: Birmingham, Hastings, Leeds, London
Salary: National salary £30,734 - London Salary £34,708

We recognise the challenges that people with (multiple) protected characteristics may experience on the job market and in their career progression. We are fully committed to being an inclusive employer and ensuring equal opportunities. We are keen to make our workforce as diverse as possible, and we hope to attract applications from underrepresented groups, including Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic (BAME) people, people with a disability, and people with gender diverse identities. 

Do you have experience and technical ability in operational research?

Do you enjoy understanding a problem, and translating customer needs into analytical requirements?

Would you like the opportunity to deliver modelling and analysis solutions across a wide range of business areas?

If so, this exciting opportunity as our Operational Researcher is for you, and we’d love to hear from
you.

Job description
The Advanced Analytics Division is a growing multidisciplinary unit of Operational Research Analysts, Statisticians and Data Scientists. We are based in the central Analysis and Science Directorate and provide a flexible analytical resource on a project basis to policy areas and analytical teams across the Department and its agencies. As a team, we use the full spectrum of OR and data science techniques to support Departmental decision-making: from systems thinking and problem structuring to optimisation, simulation modelling, and machine learning.

We are responsible for three capability areas:

• Systems thinking and problem structuring (this area also leads on data and statistical analysis);
• Advanced modelling (rapid application development, agent-based modelling and discrete event simulation); and
• Data science

We matrix manage our projects, and so we are looking for someone with a willingness to work in different project and capability areas, and develop a breadth of knowledge of OR techniques both hard and soft.

You’ll manage your own time, and run smaller projects, sometimes involving others in the team. You’ll be responsible for your own work; liaising with your clients to establish their requirements, choosing appropriate analytical techniques and applying them correctly, and working closely with others in the team.

You will have the opportunity to develop your skills across a broad portfolio of projects. Within all roles you will have the opportunity to develop your technical skills and networks in dedicated learning and development time.

Responsibilities
Key responsibilities include:

• Developing new analyses to inform DfT decisions, working with other DfT analysts across the division and the Department as appropriate, sometimes to tight deadlines.

• Carrying out effective QA, and ensuring your own analysis is also QA'd. Drawing out key messages from analyses and communicating them effectively.

• Managing your own input, and sometimes that of others, on analytical projects to meet deadlines.

• Assisting in workshops with clients, using facilitation skills and soft OR skills to draw out information and evidence.

About you 
You will bring a good knowledge and depth of a number of operational research techniques including hard and soft analytical techniques.

You have great communication skills with the confidence in presenting to peers and clients. You adapt and reflect your approach to diverse audiences, breaking down technical messages into understandable terms.

You use your initiative to identify better solutions, opportunities, and ways of working. You gather information about stakeholders’ needs and use this along with an understanding of the context to meet their requirements.

You champion success by gaining quick rapport with others as you build effective working relationships with many stakeholders and partners.

Deadline: Apply before 11:55 pm on Wednesday 21st July 2021
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Government Administration
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Research Other