Data Scientist
Incora
Derby, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Michał Chęciński
Acting Talent Acquisition Manager at Incora
Send InMail
About us
 Incora™ (a merge of 2 great companies’: Pattonair and Wesco) is a leading, global provider of innovative supply chain solutions. Our promise to our customers is to reduce complexity and increase reliability so they can deliver mission-critical solutions that improve our world. We exist to enable the mission critical.
 With a strong foundation in the aerospace and defence markets, we manage all aspects of supply chain from procurement to warehouse management, from logistics to on-site customer services.
 We pride ourselves on offering:
 Industry-leading capabilities
Innovative solutions
Greater customer value
Trusted supplier relationships
Business growth and operational efficiency
 Our people make us unique, and we offer an Outstanding Colleague Experience.

We live by our values: Courage, Collaboration and Commitment and are proud to add real value to our customers’ businesses. Our people-centric philosophy is underpinned with strong engagement, consistent communication, and opportunities for personal development, enabling our colleagues to grow and make a difference in our company.

We are seeking a Data Scientist!

The Data Science team at Incora is focused on providing innovative solutions to business problems through the application of advanced analytics & machine learning. The Data Science team provides machine learning based forecasts of customer demand for parts and develops tools that aid better overall forecasting and impact analysis. As a Data Scientist you will be engaged with stakeholders in our various business domains with a mission to drive data science adoption creating added value within our company.

Please note: Due to COVID we are open to flexible/remote working

Key responsibilities:
 As a Data Scientist you will participate in multiple data science projects right from initial problem statement formulation, data exploration & transformation to application of machine learning algorithms and integrating with existing business processes and systems in a live environment.
 Provide data science-based solutions to business problems of varying complexity
Apply data science & machine learning concepts and python development skills to develop machine learning models in diverse business domains such as Sales & Commercial, Procurement, Supply Chain , SIOP
Maintain and continuously enhance the Incora Machine Learning Platform
Contribute in ideas and thoughts leading towards solutions to business problems
Progress from initial ideas to solution development

Essential requirements:

Proven experience of participation in one or more full life cycle projects in Data Science & machine learning
Broad knowledge of multiple machine learning frameworks & algorithms
Knowledge of databases (Relational & non-relational) in the context of data science
Software development skills in Python for data science using best practice quality guidelines
Hold a Degree qualification with numerical content or equivalent
Intermediate level with Microsoft Office including Excel
Strong analytical skills with accuracy and attention to detail

Desirable requirements:

Experience in supply chain and/or logistics environment
Experience in building data visualisation tools

What we offer

Great opportunity to start your career in aerospace and defence supply chain industry.
Strong learning & development opportunities in Data Science, AI & Aerospace Supply Chain Management.
Attractive compensation and benefits package: Medical Care, Holiday Allowance.
Challenging work in an international environment with highest standards.
Friendly work environment.
Opportunity to collaborate with experts in Data Science and other Incora Teams.

We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitably qualified persons regardless of their race, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation or age.
  Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Information Technology & Services Airlines/Aviation Logistics & Supply Chain
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology Science Supply Chain