Information Technology Consultant
Tessella
Abingdon, England, United Kingdom
Information Technology Consultant - Data Science Solutions

We are seeking a talented Technology Consultant to join our consultancy practice and engage with our science and engineering clients to uncover, define, and solve their complex data science and analytics challenges. In return, we can offer a rewarding career that makes a difference, with plenty of opportunities for learning and self-development.
 The Role
Tessella provides data science, analytics, and scientific software services to industry-leading companies. As part of our consultancy practice, your core function will be to work closely with our clients, helping to identify and understand their challenges and provide advice and guidance to help solve them. You will be expected to develop a detailed understanding of Tessella’s data science propositions and how to articulate their value most effectively to our clients, with the aim of building long term engagements.
 You will work across the full range of Tessella’s science and engineering sectors, and you will have the opportunity to learn, develop and expand your expertise into new areas. The role will involve travel to clients in the UK and occasional trips to Europe and the US.
 Responsibilities
Start with often unclear or unfocused client requests and take the lead in exploring possible solutions to ensure real business benefits.
Drive and challenge clients on their assumptions and constraints to identify the true underlying business need from their requests.
Clarify, qualify, and shape analytics, data science and AI opportunities with clients.
Assist Tessella’s delivery teams in defining the scope and direction of potential solutions.
Support the on-boarding of the project delivery team and provide ongoing guidance and advice.
Provide consultancy capabilities as part of a data science solution delivery team as required.
 Requirements
To succeed in this role, you should have:
Background in science, mathematics, or engineering (including a good academic record; 50% of our staff have PhDs). Experience purely in Finance is NOT particularly relevant to this role.
Proven technical track record in the data science and analytics domain (in consultancy and/or technical delivery).
Good consultancy skills (e.g. stakeholder engagement and management, workshop facilitation, process and information modelling).
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to explain technical concepts in simple terms.
Good interpersonal skills with the confidence to network and present to clients at all levels.
The ability to manage and engage in multiple activities simultaneously.
An understanding of current industry-wide best practices and be able to leverage benefit from their application to new problems.
Experience of hands-on software development, analytics or data science would be an advantage.
 About Tessella
Tessella is a world leading consultancy, with a first-class reputation as innovators at the intersection of advanced science and novel technology. Our unique fusion of applied math, scientific computing, AI, and engineering delivers ground-breaking, multi-disciplinary solutions for our R&D-driven clients tackling humanity’s generational challenges.
 Our work is highly varied and rewarding, blending next generation technology at the cutting-edge of applied R&D, building data-driven solutions to complex real-world problems. From applying the latest techniques to overcome the computational challenges of identifying new vaccines or cancer treatments, to making manufacturing more sustainable or harnessing green energy, our work makes a difference to people’s lives. At Tessella we write the software and build the models that deliver everything from the fast, accurate prediction of the spread of disease to the intelligent automation needed to make the future of transport safer and energy efficient, or control systems to guide spacecraft on missions to enhance our understanding of the universe.
 Tessella is part of Capgemini Engineering. Capgemini is a multicultural company of over 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology Consulting