ETF Data Analytics Engineer – Permanent
Vanguard
London, England, United Kingdom
Vanguard is one of the world's largest Investment Management firms, with around 380 low-cost traditional Funds and ETFs, operating in 19 locations worldwide with about 16,600 crew members.

There are many reasons Vanguard is unlike any other financial firm; but none as prominent or powerful as our people. Vanguard crew members form a believing, supportive community in which all crew members worldwide feel a sense of belonging. We believe our culture of inclusion is crucial for each of us to fully thrive in our careers and to provide superior value to our clients and communities.

Our crew steward more than $5 trillion in assets for over 20 million client and live our mission to take a stand for our investors, treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.

In Global Investment Financial Systems (GIFS), ETF Eco system/platforms are critical to achieving our mission. We just crossed 1Trillion in AUM for ETFs, and we continue to grow in that space. You have the opportunity to learn the core of how the global investment industry and ETF primary market trading works while working with complex and modern technologies in a truly global organization. You will also have the opportunity to work closely with portfolio managers and ETF specialists with in ETF business.

If you are looking for both differentiation in your IT career and an opportunity to build your technical and investment acumen, GIFS is a phenomenal place for you. Our crew in GIFS gain tremendous in depth knowledge of Investment Management and Fund Financial Services. You’ll receive hands on experience with how ETF portfolios are managed, ETF orders are placed and flow through our front, middle and back office while working on systems used in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia.

Key Technical Skills
Python/pyTest/unitTest (should be able to maintain >80% test coverage for all repos)
BDD, or any automated testing experience
pySpark
SQL/ NoSQL Databases
Git / BitBucket
Glue ETL

Any Of The Below Would Be Advantageous
AWS core services: EC2, S3, Dynamo DB/ PostgreSQL/ Data Analytics/ML (high-level)
Messaging
Continuous Integration with Bamboo
Automated deployment with Ansible

Key Functional Skills
Ability to analyse and solve complex problems
Ability to work autonomously
Ability to work toward aggressive timelines
Experience working in Agile
Investment Management knowledge is preferable
Previous quantitative or technical role working on or with a trading desk (irrespective of asset class)

Qualifications
Undergrad degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering and, or any related field
Proficiency in an object oriented or functional paradigm such Java, Python
Interest in the investment management industry is a must

Special factors
Vanguard is not looking to provide sponsorship for this position
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology