Data Analyst
Elizabeth Norman International
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Olly Godfrey
Associate - Media at Elizabeth Norman International
Send InMail
The Client:
They are one of the largest and most well-known Market Research agencies around, with offices all over the globe. They are looking for a Data Analyst to join in working on two of their busiest and most interesting consumer shopper panels.

As a company, they are known for being a global expert in shoppers’ behaviour. Through continuous monitoring, advanced analytics and tailored solutions, they work across 60+ markets, turning purchasing behaviour into useful insight for their clients within FMCG, entertainment, fashion and more. Through their own consumer panels, they monitor shopper and usage patterns on a continuous basis to help truly understand what consumers do, how they behave and how to adapt client strategies around this.

The Role:
You will be working across their consumer panels, helping to investigate and find data-based insights and explanations to client questions. You will work across the teams to help shape their data analysis and analytics capabilities.

Their panels represent British shoppers, in all they buy and do, so you will be working with a wealth of purchasing (products bought, prices paid) and behavioural (survey responses, attitudes, demographics), as well as 3rd party data.

A key facet of the role will be to provide detailed analytical insight to client service and their clients in their understanding of shopper behavioural data, through in-depth analysis, data mining, to provide explanations or recommendations on solutions.

Skills:
Have a good understanding of consumer shopper behaviour.
Have the technical knowledge of what a panel is.
Advanced Excel (including V and H lookups).
Python, SQL or R would be beneficial but not essential.
Excellent communication skills.

If you’re looking to put your industry knowledge and technical skills to the test in a varied and creative role with some of the biggest companies in the business then Apply Now!

Please note you must be UK based and have UK right to work for this role.
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Market Research Marketing & Advertising Research
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Marketing Advertising Research