Data Analyst
Give A Grad A Go Recruitment
Canary Wharf, England, United Kingdom
Looking for Analyst jobs in London? Interested in working within Big Data in London? Apply for this Data Analyst job in a Marketing Company in London today.

Company Profile

In this Data Analyst job, you will be joining a leading data-driven marketing technology company. They provide a unique approach to targeted direct marketing campaigns and enable businesses to harness the power of big data. Powered by a platform that provides access to their live custom-built database of every residential address in the UK and the occupants within it, they help businesses plan, create and execute relevant and measurable marketing campaigns. Their database contains over 55 million UK adults in 28 million homes.

Their unique tech platform is designed to help their customers understand their ideal target audience, and provide more accurate and efficient targeting. Working across the retail, travel and property industries, their impressive portfolio of clients includes the likes of Cartier, Knight Frank, Savills and Capco. Despite predominantly working in the residential property markets growing they have a client bases in markets as varied as Financial Services, Retail, Travel and Healthcare. Accounts such as BUPA, Trussle, Kuoni and Harrods provide the chance to work on interesting and varied marketing campaigns.

Job Description

In this Graduate Analyst job, you will play a key role in developing solutions to very real and often complex problems faced by clients. As a Data Analyst, you will work closely with a team of data specialists and business analysts where you will analyse and interpret property and demographic information relating to your client’s customers.

It is essential in this role that you take ownership over your own projects, working independently to create innovative solutions for clients. The role requires regular analysis of large data sets and provides an opportunity to learn more about the types of challenges facing brands today as they compete to win customers and grow market share. In addition to analysing and interpreting raw data accurately, as a Data Analyst you must also be capable of presenting your findings clearly and accessibly in the form of reports and spoken communications with colleagues and clients. The ability to present information and findings are skills are therefore key for the role.

Key Responsibilities

In this Data Analyst role in Marketing, your responsibilities will include:
Transforming, analysing and producing reports, dashboards, and data analytics workflows.
Ensure that deliverables meet or exceed functional, technical and performance requirements.
Present findings and be able to answer questions from a wide range of stakeholders – including clients – on the data, its findings, and their relevant significance to the campaign.
Contribute to the development of your own teams’ technical acumen.
Working independently, using your technical knowledge to create innovative solutions for clients, providing
Other such reasonable duties within the general scope of the job title, at the Chief Operating Officer’s direction


Job Requirements
A 2.1 degree from university, preferably in a STEM subject
At least 1 years professional experience in an analyst role
Proficient in MS Excel
Strong SQL skills and strong PowerPoint skills
Hands-on experience with BI tools is ideal
Exposure to AI, Machine Learning or Natural Language Processing is beneficial
Analytically and technically minded with experience in problem-solving and implementing and delivering on solutions
Experience in handling large data sets, manipulation and reporting
Competent in data visualisation and presentation
The ability to work autonomously
Competent and confident in communicating with stakeholders


Benefits of the Job
A competitive salary of £30,000 - £35,000 plus bonus.
Huge potential for growth within a fluid and dynamic company which strives on the evolution of its product range
Collaborative and supportive environment
Office in Bayswater, with a range of shops, restaurants, and Hyde Park on your doorstep!
Free fruit, tea and coffee in the office
Regular social events
25 days holiday + bank holidays + your birthday off!
Length of service programme after 2 years offering additional leave
Early Friday finish once a month
A day’s paid leave for volunteering or charity work

Looking for Data Analyst Jobs in London? If you are a self-driven graduate looking to kick-start your career, apply for this Analyst role in a dynamic Marketing company in London today!

Give A Grad a Go is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, faith, disability or other. We are continually finding ways to improve the way we work, read our Diversity and Inclusion promise for more information about this.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Computer Software Internet Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology