Junior Quantitative Trader
DRW
London, England, United Kingdom
DRW is a technology-driven, diversified principal trading firm. We trade our own capital at our own risk, across a broad range of asset classes, instruments and strategies, in financial markets around the world. As the markets have evolved over the past 25 years, so has DRW – maximizing opportunities to include real estate, cryptoassets and venture capital. With over 1,000 employees at our Chicago headquarters and offices around the world, we work together to solve complex problems, challenge consensus and deliver meaningful results. It’s a place of high expectations, deep curiosity and thoughtful collaboration.

Our formula for success is to hire exceptional people, encourage their ideas and reward their results.

As a Junior Quantitative Trader, you will have an opportunity to combine the disciplines of risk management, research and technology to create optimal trading and investment strategies within the regulatory framework. You will work closely with experienced traders, software engineers and quantitative researchers. You will gain exposure primarily to Fixed Income derivatives, with scope to expand to further products in the future, through hands on trading experience and data analysis. Individual discovery and collaboration with fellow team members are essential to develop your understanding of market behavior.

How You Will Make An Impact…
Investigate the potential application of existing strategies to new products
Quantitatively analyze trade data and perform post-trade analysis of strategies
Directly interact with external counterparties to execute trades
Assist in the development of analytical tools
Be willing to challenge consensus on existing methodologies and trading strategies to contribute to the advancement of the team


What You Bring To The Team…
A bachelor’s or master’s in mathematics, statistics, physics, engineering, computer science or related field (graduated with merit/distinction)..
1-3 years experience in a Finance or Trading related role.
Advanced quantitative, analytical and problem solving skills and the ability to deploy those skills during time-sensitive situations
Ability to analyze large data sets using your knowledge of probability and statistics
Advanced Programming Skills, ideally Python.
Are adaptive, self-motivated, enjoy challenges and significant responsibility, and thrive in fast-paced, competitive environments
Can advocate for your perspectives on trading strategies and risk in a concise manner to the team
The ability to communicate effectively and work well in teams

For more information about DRW's processing activities and our use of job applicants' data, please view our Privacy Notice at https://drw.com/privacy-notice.

California residents, please review the California Privacy Notice for information about certain legal rights at https://drw.com/california-privacy-notice.

Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Capital Markets Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Finance Sales