Data Scientist
NFU Mutual
Stratford-upon-Avon, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Antoniya Teneva
Resourcing Consultant at NFU Mutual - seeking to connect with Pricing, Claims & Underwriting professionals
Send InMail
About the role
Based at our impressive Head Office in Stratford-Upon-Avon, this Pricing Innovation Consultant role offers you the exciting prospect of joining a supportive and inclusive team who share common goals and a collective purpose of giving our members exactly what they want at a fair price.
 Reporting to and acting as deputy in the absence of the Pricing Development Manager, you’ll be responsible for leading the research, development and implementation of new and innovative General Insurance pricing methods. This will involve using machine learning solutions, statistical analyses, data manipulation and technical programming. And with access to senior management and leadership teams, there will be ample scope and plenty of opportunity for you to make your mark.
 From day one, you’ll become a valuable member of the Pricing team and a key contributor to the business, where you’ll have a voice, where you can make an impact and where you will continue to grow both personally and professionally. You’ll also find a genuine focus on collaboration and support, helping you become the best you can be, whilst at the same time enjoying a breadth and depth of work, we think you’d find hard to beat.
 We’re an organisation built on an ethos of ‘putting people first’, whether that’s our colleagues or customers. And nowhere is this more apparent than in our Pricing operations - a key function of growing importance. Join our team and you’ll be part of a cutting-edge hub of in-house expertise that’s right at the heart of our customer proposition.
 About you
An innovative professional with a progressive and forward-thinking mindset, you’ll have extensive experience of building and analysing complex models in the context of both machine learning and statistical approaches. As a strong communicator, you’ll have a proven ability to influence others and effectively present to non-technical audiences. Alongside a keen interest in Research and Development activities you’ll ideally possess some or all of the following skills and attributes:
 Technical programming expertise in various languages, particularly R
Experience developing and implementing machine learning models within business processes
Track record of people and/or workflow management
Experience conducting peer reviews of models and code.
 If you can also point to any direct experience of the general insurance industry or experience using Radar or Emblem, that will only add to your already impressive CV.
 About the benefits and rewards
When you join our team, you can expect a supportive culture and an attractive range of rewards and benefits including:

A competitive salary
Up to 17.5% annual bonus
Contributory pension scheme with up to 12% company contribution
25 days holiday plus bank holidays per year and an additional holiday purchase scheme
Access to discounts on a broad range of products, services and experiences
Gym subsidy
Health and wellbeing plan
Discounted Insurance on all NFU Mutual Policies.
 At NFU Mutual we continue to work remotely, when we do return to the office we will be working with a balance between home and office working.
 About NFU Mutual 
We’re one of the UK’s leading general insurance and financial services companies. For over 100 years we’ve put our customers at the heart of everything we do. Our people are just as important to us. 
We pride ourselves on being “a great place to work” and are one of only 39 companies across the globe, and the only organisation with headquarters in the UK, to receive a Gallop Exceptional Workplace 2021 award. We were also named in the LinkedIn Top 25 Companies List 2021.
 We offer a supportive culture where we empower and inspire our people to perform, offer them opportunities to grow, and recognise and reward their contribution. Our people are proud to work for a company that respects them and their communities, and they trust us to be financially sustainable, so we are successful now and in the future. 
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Insurance Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Analyst Strategy/Planning