Blackrock Data and Platforms Solutions - AnalystAssociate - Edi
BlackRock
Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
About This Role

Description

Team Overview

BlackRock Data Platforms and Solutions (DP&S) is entrusted with maintaining all data integral to the investment decision process, for BlackRock the Investment Manager and its BlackRock Solutions (BRS) business, in our proprietary Aladdin® end-to-end investment platform. DP&S closely partners with its stakeholders, such as Portfolio Management, Global Capital Markets, Relationship Management, Portfolio Compliance, Risk Analytics, Regulatory Reporting, and others, to ensure their business data needs are met accurately, timely, and efficiently.

The DP&S philosophy is anchored on BlackRock’s cornerstone principles: Innovation, Fiduciary focus, Passion for Performance, and the unified purpose of One BlackRock. Through that lens, we strive to build value for our clients by understanding their needs, the markets, and using technology to create best in class solutions. As global team, DP&S has presence across 12 offices in 8 countries, servicing more than $25 trillion in AUM on Aladdin for BlackRock and BRS clients spanning 6 continents and all spectrums of the financial markets.

Responsibilities
Provide high quality client service externally and internally. Address inquiries, perform controls, Data modeling, resolve problems, and mitigate risks for clients and internal BlackRock stakeholders.
Learn the intricacies and interconnectivities of Aladdin® end to end investment platform.
Gain broad experience in Equities, Fixed Income, Derivatives, and Alternatives, across the vast global investment marketplace.
Investigate and resolve complex and intricate issues and perform adhoc analysis of large data sets while meeting tight deadlines.
Initiate and drive platform and process innovations to support new business needs, minimize risk, enhance quality, and navigate the changing markets.

Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree is required, with preference to business disciplines such as Finance, Accounting, or Economics, and technical disciplines such as Computer Science, Information Systems, or Engineering.
A “Student of the Markets” mentality: Intellectually curious with a passion for learning about the global financial markets and the investment management business.
Natural team player able to work in an innovative, entrepreneurial, and fast paced environment.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills combined with agile critical thinking and a problem solving mindset.
Basic knowledge of SQL, UNIX, or Python is a plus; desire to expand technical expertise preferred.
Basic knowledge of fixed income, equity and derivative instruments is a plus
Experience with Project Management and familiarity with Agile methodology is a plus

Our Benefits

To help you stay energized, engaged and inspired, we offer a wide range of benefits including a strong retirement plan, tuition reimbursement, comprehensive healthcare, support for working parents and Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about.

About BlackRock

At BlackRock, we are all connected by one mission: to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Our clients, and the people they serve, are saving for retirement, paying for their children’s educations, buying homes and starting businesses. Their investments also help to strengthen the global economy: support businesses small and large; finance infrastructure projects that connect and power cities; and facilitate innovations that drive progress.

This mission would not be possible without our smartest investment – the one we make in our employees. It’s why we’re dedicated to creating an environment where our colleagues feel welcomed, valued and supported with networks, benefits and development opportunities to help them thrive.

For additional information on BlackRock, please visit careers.blackrock.com | www.blackrock.com/corporate | Instagram: @blackrock | Twitter: @blackrock | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock

BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law.

BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law.
Industry
Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Legal