Web Data Analyst
Missguided
Trafford Park, England, United Kingdom
It’s an exciting time for data at Missguided as we endeavour to become a truly data driven business and leader in data exploitation in the industry. The Web Data Analyst is naturally inquisitive, motivated by changing minds and driving business decisions through the delivery of compelling trading and web insights. 

Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:
The eCommerce Trading Insight Analyst will provide comprehensive trading and web insight for the Trading Team based on web, financial and media data. They will devise methods of measurement for trading initiatives while supporting long term planning with broader insight gathered from both internal and external sources.

Specific Responsibilities and Accountabilities:
Engaging the Business
Provide a detailed and complete understanding of trading, web and financial metrics for all trading activity, territories and channels whilst leveraging as much automation as possible.
Be an advocate for trading-centric decision making, providing clear and impactful insights into performance across key trading and web KPIs.
Deliver territory, marketing channel, funnel, media spend and customer journey insight and understanding across the business by turning large sets of data into actionable recommendations for the Trading Team.
Build dynamic, engaging end-user reports using visualisation and presentation tools to advise business units of appropriate actions.
Help in the creation and evolution of multivariate models for a variety of purposes such as profitability forecasting and pricing optimisation.
Use analytics to help shape our navigations, site content and promotional real estate.
Provide analysis around product launch and promotional activity performance.
Provide analysis and suggest improvements to site visual merchandising.
Relay complex data analyses and ideas in a way that tells an easy to follow, compelling narrative.
Understand business requirements by department and advise the best way to fulfil these with the data and tools available.
Support the Ecommerce Trading Analytics Manager to provide reliable trade, marketing and web focused insights to the wider business.
Represent and raise the profile of trade analytics within the business.

Commerciality
Develop and improve current ways that trade reports on its activity, with a view to helping develop predictive solutions to common trading problems.
Develop a thorough understanding of all sets of trading, web and finance data available to provide a 360 degree view of how activity impacts both trade and financial KPIs.
Proactively seek new opportunities for data analysis.

Data Creativity & Development
Recommend and implement appropriate solutions and methodologies to meet business requirements.
Identify & support in the resolution of data quality and integrity issues.
Investigate data necessary to achieve desired business outcomes.
Advise business units on appropriate use of analysis, reports and model deployment to achieve buy-in and common understanding of this insight.
Develop technical knowledge of relevant analytical and statistical techniques and software, challenging how the business reports to deepen understanding.

Skills, Experience and Qualifications
Strong communication skills and the ability to develop relationships with key stakeholders.
An understanding of the role of analytics, insight and data science in business.
Previous experience in trading or web data analytics is essential 
An understanding of the different datasets and data types available.
Strong Excel skills are essential.
Experience with Google Analytics is essential (experience with Data Studio, Supermetrics and NEXT Analytics would be a bonus).
Experience of UX analytics tools such as Content Square
Experience (academic or commercial) with a programming language in a data analysis/statistical context is highly desirable (e.g. SQL, R, Python).
An understanding of visualisation/BI tools would be a bonus (e.g. Power BI, Google Data Studio).
Bachelors or Masters degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Business Analytics or similar scientific or numeric field would be highly desirable, however other academic achievements will be considered based on their applicability to the role.

About Missguided:
Missguided is a global fashion powerhouse, inspired by millennial women who are like-minded rebels that champion freedom of expression. Missguided is an inclusive movement open to all. We believe our audience is defined by a state of mind rather than a specific grouping or label.
Our purpose: To empower all women by inspiring self confidence in mind, body and potential
Missguided is one of the fastest growing women’s online retailers in the world. Founded in 2009 in the UK by Nitin Passi, it has become a leading fashion retailer, taking an agile approach that sees it deliver commercial and affordable product to its customers before trends hit.

Its signature confident style and broad product range has driven global development in recent years, now selling to over 180 countries and locally active in the UK, US, Australia, France, Spain, Ireland, Poland and Germany, with future plans for further international expansion and a loyal following of over 9 million social media fans worldwide across multiple platforms.

Missguided have further developed their global profile and growth through numerous wholesale opportunities with established brands such as ASOS, Zalando, The Iconic, Nelly, and Namshi and a growing number of franchise stores across the world, including a flagship at Dubai Mall, Dubai and Tel Aviv.

What We Will Give You:
25 days holiday plus BH, Hybrid Working, Simplyhealth Plan, Buy and Sell Holiday Scheme, Pension Contribution, Company Bonus, Staff discount, Sample Sales, Drapers subscription, Membership for Retail Credit Union and Retail Trust, Summer Hours, Discount or cashback on 1000+ retailers, 4pm Friday finish.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Retail Apparel & Fashion
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology Analyst