Commercial Reporting & Data Analyst
Marks and Spencer
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Amanda C.
Recruiter - Clothing & Home at Marks & Spencer
Send InMail
As part of our transformation plan, M&S is becoming a digital first business and changes are being made to deliver technology that brings real value to our business and our customers.
 Data and Digital is so important – You can feel it……..EVERYWHERE!
 As part of our transformation plan, we are looking to build, develop and recruit into world-class data and analytics functions that can be deployed to create value across our business areas and as a result we now have a fantastic opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our Clothing & Home Commercial & Operations Function. This is initially a 12-month fixed term contract to cover Maternity Leave.
 With a real passion for using data to enable colleagues to make better data driven decisions, in this role you will create robust, accurate reporting for colleagues that meets business user needs, investigating business problems and providing insight and recommendations to your stakeholders.
This role will be required to understand C&H systems and data sources and link these to provide accurate and timely reporting, you will ask stakeholders analytical questions and use your excellent problem-solving skills to present potential options and solutions in an accessible, informative way.
 In addition you will collect, organise and manipulate large amounts of data using databases and other technologies, present and re-structure data tailored to required output ensuring that all reporting meets user requirements, look for ways to continually improve accuracy and usability and build data models to make recommendations.
 To succeed in this role, you will be comfortable and creative in telling stories through data. You will think creatively about problems and be competent in supporting decision makers’ business-related questions using the data sets available.
 You will have experience of working with large datasets using frameworks such as Hadoop, (EIH/EAH) and understand how to access and join data from different databases.
You will have excellent problem-solving skills and have significant experience in multiple data visualisation tools such as Power BI, Spotfire and Tableau. In addition, you will have experience in Multiple Languages such as SQL, Python, R and DAX as well as an awareness of Machine learning techniques or tools including Tensorflow and PyTorch.
 This is an exceptional and excellent opportunity to join our business at an exciting time of transformation and change and in exchange for your experience we will reward you with a competitive salary and market leading benefits package. Interested? Apply Today!
 We are an inclusive employer and are committed to an active Equal Opportunities Policy which starts with our recruitment and selection process.
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Retail
Employment Type
Contract
Job Functions
Analyst