Data Scientist
L3Harris Technologies
Tewkesbury, England, United Kingdom
L3Harris is dedicated to recruiting and developing diverse, high-performing talent who are passionate about what they do. Our employees are unified in a shared dedication to our customers’ mission and quest for professional growth. L3Harris provides an inclusive, engaging environment designed to empower employees and promote work-life success. Fundamental to our culture is an unwavering focus on values, dedication to our communities, and commitment to excellence in everything we do.

L3Harris Technologies is an agile global aerospace and defense technology innovator, delivering end-to-end solutions that meet customers’ mission-critical needs. The company provides advanced defense and commercial technologies across air, land, sea, space and cyber domains. L3Harris has approximately $18 billion in annual revenue and 48,000 employees, with customers in more than 100 countries.

Description

Job Title – Data Scientist

Job Location – Tewkesbury or Fleet, UK (with home working)

Job ID – SAS20211606-62910

About The Role

We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our Engineering team working on next generation technology in Electronic Warfare and Cyber domains. You will be working to implement and analyse machine learning models and will be an integral part of a team involved in the research, design, development and verification of complete systems to deliver products and capability to our customers. You will be supported by more experienced members of the team and have the opportunity to learn new data science stacks, programming languages, technologies, methodologies and standards. You will receive dedicated and mentored on-the-job training and experience of cross-domain working to develop your skills across different areas of the business.

Experience & Skills
Previous experience as a Data Scientist.
Degree qualified (or equivalent) preferably in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics or similar.
An enthusiasm for working with new and evolving technologies, sometimes outside of their immediate skill set, to solve a wide range of challenges using creative and innovative solutions.
Experience with Python and numerical libraries.
The ability to independently perform research and exploratory tasks using publically available software and information sources.
Experience with classical and deep machine learning.
Experience with the design, implementation and verification of Machine Learning pipelines.
Experience with a major machine learning library such as Tensorflow or PyTorch.
Experience with interfacing machine learning or other algorithms into embedded (Linux) systems.
Desirable
Knowledge of DSP algorithm design.
Communication or RF knowledge (although training would be given to upskill in these areas).
Experience with C/C++ to design/implement algorithms (DSP, data science).
Experience with Matlab and similar DSP modelling tools.
Use of Agile principles and Scrum development.
Some appreciation of other engineering disciplines (software, hardware, RF, systems).
Experience with modern, team-based version control systems.
More Information

Please be aware many of our positions require the ability to obtain a security clearance relevant to the country of the position. In addition, applicants who accept a conditional offer of employment may be subject to government security investigation(s) and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

L3Harris Technologies is proud to be an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. L3Harris is committed to treating all employees and applicants for employment with respect and dignity and maintaining a workplace that is free from unlawful discrimination. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or other related medical conditions), gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, characteristic or membership in any other group protected by federal, state or local laws.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Defense & Space Computer Software
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology