Data Coordinator
Moment HQ
Aberdeen, Scotland, United Kingdom
Please note this role is for a Graduate Apprentice. Alongside working with our dynamic team, you'll be studying towards your BSc (Hons) degree in Data Science at Robert Gordon University, Aberdeen. More information on the course and programme is available at the following link: https://www.rgu.ac.uk/study/courses/1997-graduate-apprenticeship-in-bsc-hons-data-science.


Is this your Moment?

We help sustainable companies grow better through our design-led, data-driven and delivery-focused Inbound Marketing services.

Whether that’s branding, content marketing, search engine marketing, social media marketing, email marketing, media planning and buying or marketing analytics (including automation and attribution), depends entirely on our clients’ needs.

Whichever channels we’re involved with, we start by mapping out a strategy, implementing measurement tools to ensure we are delivering a return on marketing investment and using all of the above to maximise the impact of our campaigns.

In doing so, we help businesses of all shapes and sizes to access the latest in marketing technology and techniques, empowering them to achieve their triple bottom line: people, planet and profit.


Role

Sitting within Moment’s “Campaign” team, reporting to our Campaign Manager, your role is to support our various data-driven initiatives, including our client-facing reporting programme and the opportunity to collaborate with our Leadership Team and education partner RGU on the development of a brand new product in the field of marketing analytics, attribution and natural language processing.


Responsibilities

Liaise with Campaign Team and Clients directly to understand their marketing.
Create compelling regular reports, telling the story of wins and opportunities.
Leverage data assets from a wide range of internal agency and external sources.
Maximise deployment of the agency’s existing and future data tools.
Collaborate on the development of a new cutting-edge AI attribution technology.
Demonstrate initiative, proactively recommending ways to improve our processes.


Requirements

You’re aspiring to complete an undergraduate degree in data science and already have some grounding in digital presentation, research, and creativity.

You may have a little “hands-on” experience with key tools involved in the preparation, processing and presentation of data. An interest in the future of the Energy, Food & Drink and Technology sectors will be advantageous but not essential.

You should be familiar with modern workplace tools like email, task management and cloud storage.

You might even have experience in a customer-facing role and understand the importance of tailoring your approach to each individual client and their brand.

You’ll have excellent written and spoken English.

Most importantly you’ll be a team player who realises that the value of an agency is it’s combination of individual specialists who together, are greater than the sum of their parts.


Our Values

Modern
We approach our work thinking of the potential, while learning from the past.

Motivated
We are ambitious, fast-moving, progressive and we help others to be the same.

Mobile
We adapt to clients’ needs, are flexible in our approach and versatile to change.

Maestros of our Art
We are subject matter experts, all working together towards the same goal.
Employment Type
Full-time