Data Scientist: TSIQ
Two Sigma
London, England, United Kingdom
Two Sigma is a financial sciences company, combining data analysis, invention, and rigorous inquiry to help solve the toughest challenges in investment management, insurance technology, securities, private equity, and venture capital.

Our team of scientists, technologists, and academics looks beyond the traditional to develop creative solutions to some of the world’s most complex economic problems.

Two Sigma IQ works closely with its industry partners to deliver products and solutions, which lead to enhanced automation and data-driven decision making. Comprised of a diversified and growing team of highly skilled data scientists, engineers, and business professionals, Two Sigma IQ possesses the agility and innovation of a dynamic startup with the resources and long-term view of Two Sigma. Learn more about TSIQ at https://twosigmaiq.com/

You Will Take On The Following Responsibilities
Apply state of the art computer vision and NLP techniques to extract data from unstructured sources;
Perform exploratory data analysis and develop predictive models (regression, classification, clustering) on terabyte sized structured and unstructured datasets;
Carry out independent investigations/research studies and produce reports and visualizations to communicate your results;
Generate statistical models for a variety of phenomena;
Interact with industry professionals to understand their business and propose technical/statistical approaches;
Write libraries and research tools, developing and maintaining a research infrastructure to accelerate future results.
Stay on top of the latest research and developments in the fields of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence

You Should Possess The Following Qualifications
A strong academic record with at least one degree in a technical discipline.
Solid knowledge of Computer Science and Statistics.
Experience with data analysis tools (R, numpy/pandas/scikit-learn) and SQL.
Advanced programming skills in Python
Experience producing research reports and predictive models.
Good communication skills, both written and verbal.
Interest in working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.

We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics.
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology