AI & Data Science Specialists
Dstl
Newcastle upon Tyne, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Roxy Osborn
Talent Planning & Acquisition Advisor at Dstl
Send InMail
Summary:
Be part of a new Dstl AI & Data Team in Newcastle.

Have you heard that Dstl is establishing a new team focussed on artificial intelligence and data science in Newcastle? Are you interested in being part of a new and unique team in a domain which is in growing demand across Defence and Security?

We are looking for hard working Individuals to undertake data science and artificial intelligence related research to help enable Defence to turn data into information advantage and to accelerate the responsible adoption of artificial intelligence across Defence.

We are seeking:
AI Researchers
Data Scientists
Data Engineers
Systems thinkers

In these roles you will:
Work on a variety of exciting and challenging problems that owing to their sensitivity cannot be done elsewhere.
Make a difference and have pride in what you do; our work improves the front-line capability of the UK Armed Forces, keeps British citizens safe and support national prosperity.
Form links across Government, industry and academia. Work with an array of partners both at home and abroad including the Armed Forces, other Government departments and industry.
Develop your career in exciting new areas that are growing to meet ground breaking challenges.

We are looking for someone who has:
The ability of developing positive and effective working relationships with internal colleagues and external stakeholders, partners and suppliers
Able to successfully manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
Have the ability to think systematically, logically and creatively.
A strong focus on learning new skills and techniques in order to keep current and continue their own professional development.
The ability to work collaboratively to deliver results.
A desire to deliver world-class science and technology with the sole purpose of keeping the UK, our armed forces, security services, and our citizens, safe and secure.
The ability to be innovative, collaborative and impactful.

We really want to see your CV!

If the above sounds like you or sparks an interest, please click the apply button where you will be redirected to the civil service jobs website, where you can access the full job description. 
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Defense & Space
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Science