Opportunities in Data Analytics & AI
Baringa Partners
London, England, United Kingdom
Opportunities in Data Analytics and AI

Overview

Baringa Partners is a fast-growing consultancy with around 1000 employees, and offices within seven of the world’s leading markets; UK, Germany, Belgium, US, Singapore, Bulgaria and Australia. We are a consultancy with a difference; we put our people first and are passionate about providing our clients with deep technical and industry insights that deliver real and measurable results – with pragmatism. Being an independent consultancy, we are not afraid to bring our own point of view, and challenge to help clients create outcomes that are right for them.

We have had some great achievements this year; winning a top ten spot in the UK for the thirteenth successive year by the Great Place to Work Institute. As well as being recognised for our leadership on workplace gender equality by most recently winning the ‘Women of the Future Corporate Award 2021 and also being recognised by The Times as one of the top 50 employers for women.

Baringa believes that diversity is paramount to driving creativity, innovation, and value for our clients and for our people. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nationality, disability, age, or social background.

There are the reasons people come and the reasons they stay.

The Data Analytics and AI team specialise in a number of areas including turning data into insights, helping to organise and control data, solutions delivery, data visualisation and data strategy.

This is a unique opportunity to join an exciting, growing team but with the backing of a much larger and more established business. You will have the opportunity to work on a wide range of exciting projects across the financial services, energy and products and services markets, all whilst playing an integral role in building the DAA practice.

Led by a senior management team with a reputation as respected industry thought leaders, you will have exposure to some of the top influencers, policymakers and companies across the European energy, utilities, financial services, telecoms and media sectors, and will be supported by a group of like-minded colleagues who are working at the forefront of the changing landscape of these industries.

What will you be doing?

You will apply your data engineering skills directly to our clients’ business challenges across these sectors, working closely with industry specialists, data scientists and architects. You will be involved in a diverse range of projects: helping companies with customer engagement and satisfaction, improving their field force operations and strategy, and developing methodologies to detect non-compliant trades etc.

“I am currently working with a large international client, performing product segmentation and forecasting analysis as part of their supply chain transformation. We are working with a range of techniques and technologies, including machine learning and data visualisation, and are working closely with the client team to understand a complex product portfolio that is experiencing a number of external pressures. This is just one of the many diverse projects that the Data Analytics & AI team is working on.” (Richard McClay, Manager)

What are we looking for?

At Baringa, we recognise the importance of work-life balance and we know that the ‘ideal’ balance will vary from person to person and will change at different stages of our working lives. If you require flexible working, please talk to one of our Recruiters about the flexibility you may need.

We Are Looking For An Individual With Experience In a Selection Of The Following

We are seeking a passionate and dynamic individual who is excited by empowering decision making with data, and keen to take an active part in the growth of the company. You will have excellent (structured and unstructured) data engineering skills, experience with constructing robust (batch and real-time) pipelines that collect data from disparate heterogeneous sources to facilitate data analytics and insights/visualisation in production systems. We will be looking for you to develop and apply these skills to support clients with high-value business problems such as consumer analytics, operations optimisation opportunities and risk analytics challenges.
An analytical degree such as computer science, physics, mathematics, but we will consider anyone with relevant experience.
Proven ability to design and maintain robust data pipelines and architecture to meet functional business requirements.
Working knowledge of relational (SQL) databases in an enterprise environment (such as Oracle, SQL Server, Postgres).
Working knowledge of NoSQL databases in an enterprise environment (such as Cassandra, MongoDB, HBase).
Working knowledge of real-time data streaming/message queues in an enterprise environment (such as Kafka, RabbitMQ, Pulsar).
Working knowledge of big data processing platforms in an enterprise environment (such as Hadoop, Spark, Hive).
Working knowledge of productionisation (and scaling) of data solutions, ideally with container based technologies (e.g. Kubernetes / Docker).
Experience with stream-processing systems (such Spark-Streaming, Flink, Samza, Beam).
Experience with cloud vendor specific offerings (such as Kinesis, EMR, RDS, Redshift, PubSub, DataProc, BigQuery etc.)
Strong programming skills in common data engineering languages (such as Scala, Java, Python, SQL) including an understanding of development processes and version control.
What's in it for you?

Well, it’s up to you, Baringa is what you make it…
You decide on the training you need. We invest in you, to ensure you remain the best in the business, through formal training, coaching and mentoring.
You can talk to anyone in the business. There are no barriers and everyone is accessible, from our Analysts to our Partners.
Opportunity to work closely with senior stakeholders both within Baringa and with the client.
We believe we are a great place to work – but it’s not just us that says that. We have won a spot in the top places to work by the Great Place to Work Institute for the last thirteen years.
Promotion is solely based on your own performance, and we give you every opportunity to progress by having four promotional reviews a year.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Management Consulting
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology