Data Science Graduate Apprentice
Azets
Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
About us

Are you looking to take the next step on your journey? Want to be part of an international family whose vision is “To make their services smarter, more effective, and more personal every day”? Then you could be our next investment! At Azets, you are in control of your career and with our support this will make us even stronger, together. Our motto when it comes to career development is “Your Journey – Your Voice – Your Success ".

Azets

Azets is an award-winning leading firm of Accountants and Business Advisors operating across the UK, Nordics and the USA. We are a family of over 6,500 employees and work across 100 offices in the UK alone. We have seen dramatic growth in recent years which has made us the 9th largest accountancy firm in the UK, and we are over the moon to have been awarded Accountancy Firm of the Year in the FD Excellence Survey 2020. As a result of this growth, we are now looking to invest in our skills set even further!

The role

August 2021 Start Date- Can be based in Glasgow or Edinburgh

Business Technology Consulting

Azets Business Technology Consulting (BTC) practice has been growing rapidly over the last few years and provides advisory services to some of the largest public sector bodies in Scotland as well as a range of clients across the Financial Services and Commercial sectors.

Cyber Security has been at the heart of this growth, and BTC has established a small dedicated Cyber Security team, to provide their clients with real technical expertise. Our team operate across Azets client base, performing Cyber Assurance assignments, reviewing clients and their third-party suppliers against existing cyber security standards, research and advisory work, and client training.

What might a typical day in this job look like?

As a Graduate Apprentice based in our Edinburgh/Glasgow office you will be part of a small but dynamic team.

As we work with a wide range of clients in different sectors and of varying size you may find yourself working for a large client for several months or working on a multitude of different companies during the week.

There will be opportunities for training offered during your Apprenticeship, both internal and external.

A mentor will be assigned to you for any questions you have, however our whole team will be happy to help and support wherever they can.

Your role will be varied, and our apprenticeships offer a great opportunity for candidates looking to build a successful and rewarding career in the Data Science arena.

What will I learn?

You will study on a 4-year degree programme towards a BSc (Hons) Data Science at Edinburgh Napier University. Initially you will complete 1 day per week at University and 4 days per week of workplace learning. What you do in work will also count towards your degree, where you will gain vital industry experience in the following areas:

Technology (Software) – Agile development environment, high-level language coding skills, web UI development, quality and software testing, software development lifecycle, developing innovative software solutions
Business – global business including working in an agile team and business communications
Personal & interpersonal skills – Interacting with a team of experienced and motivated people, offering guidance and recommendations for technical decision making, collaborating with the test team to validate and verify the quality of the solutions, preparing status reports and updating your managers
Project management – Dealing with multiple tasks and projects and solving problems quickly and accurately


Skills & experience

Academic requirements:

A minimum of four SQA Highers at Grade B (or equivalent) including Computing or Maths plus Nat 5 English at C. Nat 5 Maths at C is also required if not taken at Higher unless you can show strong technical ability through work experience or extra-curricular activities

OR

A Foundation Apprenticeship in a related discipline plus suitable academic qualification similar to the above

OR

A Modern Apprenticeship in a related discipline

The below qualities are also required:

Basic knowledge and keen interest in Data Science
Showing creativity and interest in coming up with new ideas and solutions
A passion for learning and keeping up to date with the latest technology and design concepts.


Benefits

Why join the Azets family?

The relationship we have with our colleagues is of the upmost importance to us as a business. Your voice is important to us. Attracting and retaining the right people who will deliver the level of service that our clients expect is key to both ours and your success.

We offer training and development opportunities to all employees. In nurturing talent from all backgrounds, this helps us to grow our own and bring out the best in people.

What’s in it for you?

Pension - Looking after your future self when it’s time to step back and relax.
Excellent annual leave + bank holidays – Time to focus on your friends and family and what’s important to you. Where will your precious time take you?
Life Assurance – 4 x times salary, our family is important to us, and so is yours.
Employee Referral Bonus – We’re always looking for talented individuals to join our family.
Employee Benefits Portal – Cashback and vouchers on everyday purchases.
Extensive Learning & Development Opportunities – Continuous development and support not only for your professional qualifications but also for your personal goals and aspirations, so we can grow together.
Opportunity to attend social events – Time to stop, pause and have fun.
Career Coaching – Better never stops. Sharing our time to make the best use of yours.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Accounting Financial Services Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Accounting/Auditing Information Technology