Data Scientist
Specialist Data & Business Intelligence Recruitment Consultancy
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Ryan Jones
Director - Experienced in solving your Data, Business Intelligence and Analytics hiring challenges with in depth market knowledge 📱07500795368 📧ryan.jones@jacobrosstalent.com
Send InMail
Data Scientist

London (95% remote)

£65,000 - £75,000pa plus 20% bonus which is genuinely set out to achieve!

This role would be hire #5 for this client and I focus on this client for a very good reason.. they make my job a whole lot easier in terms of who they are and what they do!

They started this company with a goal — a goal to be the very best. They don’t just believe it; they know their team is our biggest asset. They are a group of passionate innovators (*nerds), obsessed with personal growth, that believes in challenging the status quo to ensure we come up with the best solutions.

They have a phenomenal culture, unparalleled drive, and every single person in our team is very carefully selected to make sure they maintain this. They are diverse, and we celebrate that. They are whole people, with families, hobbies and lives outside of work and make sure they have a healthy work-life balance. They are rapidly expanding and on a growth trajectory which would rival anyone in the Data and BI space in the UK!

The role

As a Data Scientist, your role will be to store, process, model and apply data science to make data and insights available for data analytics and business intelligence (BI) systems. You will need to be competent in data assessment and profiling, source system analysis and be able to provide a clear vision on how the data can be processed and interpreted to support the end use of the data.

The ideal person will come from a Data Analytics background (Data Engineer/Data Scientist/Data Analyst) with strong Software Engineering, ETL/ELT data pipeline experience and an interest in Machine Learning.

Key Skills
● Strong data modelling and SQL/database design skills.
● Skill and knowledge of ETL/ELT processes
● Good programming skills – specifically those used in the application of data science, e.g. SQL, R, Python, JavaScript etc.
● Experience of the .Net programming stack of technologies.
● Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modelling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
● Experience of Natural Language Processing.
● Experience in visualising/presenting data and insights to stakeholders.


You're work will never be boring or run of the mill with this client! They Consult for some of THE best brands (call me to find out who!) and they provide them with expert Data Strategy insight to shape their future business and growth. This is a client facing role where no two days are the same!

Interviews are streamlined and efficient to ensure they provide a good experience for candidates and they are 5* friendly to speak with!

Please call on 07500795368 or apply via this advert and i will give you a call to discuss the role in detail
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Staffing & Recruiting
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology