Healthcare - Data Consultant
Ipsos MORI
England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Amy Ringshall
Recruitment Coordinator - Healthcare Market Research at Ipsos MORI - proud to be part of this amazing team!
Send InMail
Are you looking to develop a career in within one of the world’s largest Research Organisations?
Our ambition at Ipsos MORI is to become a data-driven research company, bringing data-led thinking, ideas and solutions to our clients. To support this ambition, we’re building our Multi Source Data Integration solutions utilising all available data sources together with primary market research data to address our clients’ commercial questions. We are looking for a Data Consultant specialising in Healthcare, with excellent client and commercial skills and a deep grounding in data to support our market leading multi-source data capability. The Data Consultant will work in partnership with clients and internal teams to bring data & analytics products and solutions to life.

The role…
This is a key client facing role, working with our pharmaceutical and medical device & diagnostics client base. You will interface with clients, Ipsos teams and other organisations to help develop our multi-source data integration services.
This is a varied and energetic role, where you will have the opportunity to: 

Influence our multi-source data offer
Strengthen our multi source data capabilities within our existing product lifecycle suite of solutions
Support, guide and enhance our confidence in pitching for primary research + multisource data opportunities
Proactively engage with clients and seek out new business opportunities in multi-source data integration
Support in communicating and evangelising the use of healthcare secondary sources and an expanded multi-source data approach internally within Ipsos
Work collaboratively with teams across clients and the Ipsos business, including data scientists, data analytics, data advisors, etc., developing and maintaining strong working relationships

Build our Expertise
Helping to package, socialise and scale our offerings as we develop areas of speciality and ‘flagship services’
Keeping abreast of new data developments, trends and ideas in the external market
‘Cross pollination’ of our data products, ideas and thinking within Ipsos

Deliver multi-source data projects
Use and integrate multiple data sources (including real world healthcare data, commercial data and primary market research data) to test hypotheses and address commercial questions
Craft plans including analytics of available data sources as well as primary market research to best meet the needs of commercial teams
Translate complex analytical data from multiple sources into clear storytelling & actionable recommendations for multiple stakeholders
Work alongside data science, development and technical teams in client engagements

What do I need to bring with me?
To be successful in this role you will need the following skills and experience:
Proven business intelligence / secondary data experience
Previous roles within Business Intelligence / commercial functions of a Pharma/ Biotech or with a consulting company 
Good understanding of the application of advanced analytic techniques (e.g. machine learning and predictive analytics) and ability to connect with the overarching client business questions (although the role is not a hands-on data science or analytics role)
Experience with a range of commercial and RWE data sources covering internal customer engagement data sets (e.g. CRM) as well as external third party and public data sources (with the focus on sources in the EMEA region)
Ability to communicate with multi-functional teams in pharma/bio-tech companies to identify information and data needs and provide teams with strategic recommendations and insights
Good understanding of the full spectrum of pharmaceutical related data and analytical functions
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ideally, experience of reporting solution delivery using Tableau or Microsoft Power BI

About us....
We are one of the world’s largest research companies and currently the only one primarily managed by researchers. With offices in 90 markets, Ipsos brings together research, implementation, methodological, and subject-matter experts from around the world, combining thematic and technical experts globally with local knowledge to deliver top-quality research.
 Our culture is unique - we have the entrepreneurial spirit and quirkiness of a small boutique, but we also have the resources, scale and diversity of a large global agency. We have more bright, friendly, hard-working and enthusiastic people, from more backgrounds, with more interests, skills and experiences to learn from. Our values are based on our diverse cultural backgrounds, helping us to be responsive, client-focused and flexible.
 We are committed to equality, treating people fairly, promoting a positive and inclusive working environment and ensuring we have diversity of people and views. We recognise that this is important for our business success - a more diverse workforce will enable us to better reflect and understand the world we research and ultimately deliver better research and insight to our clients. We understand the importance of choice and offer a blended work environment, office and work from home. We also realise you may have commitments outside of work and will consider all flexible working applications - please highlight what you are looking for when you make your application.
 If this is what you are looking for from your next role, we look forward to hearing from you!
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Market Research
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Research Analyst