Talent Data Analyst- 12 Month FTC
Imperial Brands PLC
Bristol, England, United Kingdom
About us
We're a truly international company, fourth largest in our industry and operating across 120 markets. An inclusive, innovative global FMCG business supported by over 27,500 employees. As we embrace a new era of growth, we are transforming. Our ways of working and culture are driven by a challenger mindset, constantly questioning the status quo. Our agility and entrepreneurial spirit, alongside award winning development programmes, enable innovation and success while creating exciting and rewarding career choices.
As we move forward, our customers will be at the heart of what we do, evolving to needs and expectations and committing to a more meaningful contribution to harm reduction by building a successful NGP business. Integral to our long-term success is our sustainability strategy, behaving responsibly and supporting our ambitions, all underpinned by high governance.
Encouraging inclusion at local levels and supporting a developing and robust diversity agenda globally, we’re fully committed to creating and maintaining an environment that celebrates and respects difference.

The role
We are seeking a Talent Data Analyst in our HR, Capability team on a 12 month fix term contract. The position will be based in our Bristol Head office, with your time being split between the office and remote working.
If you enjoy working in a fast-paced environment and you are looking to build a career in a dynamic FTSE100 FMCG company, with a focus on working within within HR Capability team with a focus on talent where no two days are the same this role could be your next step. We are looking for someone who has experience of dealing with large data sets and is comfortable with reporting their finding to the business and who enjoys working as part of a team.

Within your role as a Talent Data Analyst you are accountable for global Talent data, enabling the delivery of purposeful analysis that will support the Centre Of Expertise with identifying key risks and opportunities for the business. 

The ideal candidate is someone passionate about data, reporting and data storytelling. You will play a critical role in the maintenance of our current Talent database, importantly looking at how data analysis can enhance our approach to Talent Management across the globe. Furthermore you will help with the creation of Executive Committee presentations designed to inform business decisions and drive change.

This is an excellent opportunity for someone to make a real impact across a global function in the people arena.

Key accountabilities
Creating and delivering reports and presentations that will support markets and help to inform business decisions;
Engaging with relevant stakeholders to capture and prioritise data visualization requirements / storytelling;
Understand business and stakeholder needs enabling the identification of key trends and uncovering areas for improvement;
Work with other teams / global teams across the to identify opportunities to enrich the Talent data, reporting and analysis;
Conducting required maintenance duties to ensure our talent data is up to date / accurate. Producing regular presentations and reports as required;
Building guidance documents to upskill the HR community in the area of Talent Analytics;
Work with all areas of capability / markets to support ad hoc data and reporting requests as required;
Review best practice data collection and reporting solutions;
Collaborate with HR Operations to ensure data best practices are adopted including quality and efficient use of global sources;
Comply with GDPR requirements for all data reporting, analysis and sharing;
Support and contribute to the talent and overall capability agenda to develop understanding and add value;
Produce adhoc decks and documentation to support the capability agenda, working with different stakeholders as required.

Skills & experience
Essential:  
Educated to degree level or equivalent;
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills;
Strong data management skills;
Knowledge of best practices in data analysis;
Advanced use of Excel
Ability to design KPI and metrics;
Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills;
Flexible in working under changing and different work settings;
Great attention to detail;
Ability to deliver under time pressure;
Self-motivated, independent and proactive;
Demonstrated ability to communicate in both verbal and written communication;
Good interpersonal skills.
 Desirable: 
Degree / Masters or equivalent experience in a numerical discipline: Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or another related field.
Power BI or other visualizations tools desirable

What we offer
Imperial Brands offers a competitive package of salary, bonus scheme, pension and 25 days holiday (with an additional 4 days on top to cover the Christmas period and bank holidays).

Next steps
Interested applicants should apply with their CV highlighting their suitability for the role.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Consumer Goods
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Human Resources