Technology And Insights Executive
Reprise Digital UK
London, England, United Kingdom
Position Summary
We are looking to add an Insights Executive to our Insights, Creative and Strategy department in London. The Insights Executive will be responsible for using our best in class marketing insight tools to assist our craft teams in providing a consultative approach with their clients, inform the new business team during pitches as well as working directly with some of the world’s largest brands.
You will help elevate the process of hypothesising, identifying and delivering insights across Reprise by developing considered, well thought reports that clearly and concisely present useful data.
You are comfortable crunching numbers and communicating information, having studied either mathematics, marketing, computer or human sciences at some point during your education. You’re able to demonstrate the ability to take a complex problem, develop a solution and clearly communicate your findings, visually and verbally.
You’re naturally inquisitive, constantly looking for answers and trying to understand what effects certain changes make. A proven problem solver with the ability to work things out.


Job Responsibilities
Conduct social listening analyses for our clients and new business teams to understand what is happening on social channels, who is talking and what they’re talking about
Use our suite of trends tools, keyword research and desk research to deliver trend reports for a variety of industries such as gaming, fashion, toys, music and CPG
Identify attributes of specific audiences and extract high value insights regarding media behaviours, brand attitudes and demographics to inform customer personas
Ability to consolidate and package up insights into a well-organised, consumable report with clear summary of findings for marketers (MS Excel, PowerPoint, Word, etc.)
Stay informed of advancements in industry trends and developing technology; proactively apply entrepreneurial spirit in identifying opportunities to introduce, enhance and improve Reprise insights  tools  and processes
Ability to build strong relationships with agency team members from different crafts
Combine statistical results with strategic thinking and business requirements to create a cohesive story and actionable results for clients
Working in a small direct team with exposure across Reprise craft teams and IPG agencies


Desired Skills & Experience
Ideal skills / experience:
Interest or experience in Ecommerce or Performance Marketing, including SEO, Paid Search and Paid Social
Working knowledge of MS Office
Excellent written, verbal and presentation skills
Demonstrable ability to work with large, complex data sets
Preferred but not compulsory:
Exposure to social listening tools such as Brandwatch, Meltwater or NetBase
Proficiency with R or Python and interest in machine learning
Having studied either mathematics, marketing or quantitative social sciences at some point during your education


The Perks
We guarantee that your career with us will be varied and exciting. Every day in this fast paced environment presents a different challenge and if you work smart and are the best at what you do, your time here will produce endless possibilities for your future.
You will get our support in developing your skills at every step of your career journey with us. Your manager will help you create a tailored career path and through our in-house experts, and online performance management and learning and development tool, you will have access to a wide range of internal and external courses. In addition to this there are always plenty of internal sessions on the latest developments in the industry, e-learning courses, bite-size learning sessions and on the job training and development.
We aim to provide all of our people with a supportive and fun work environment where you can develop your full potential and benefit from the broad range of opportunities within the agency both in the UK and globally.
When you join us, we want to make sure you feel valued – and that you are rewarded for your fantastic work. So we also offer a range of benefits:
25 days annual leave. In addition to your annual holiday entitlement, the office usually closes
between Christmas & New Year
Additional holiday for long service
(after 2 years’ service)
Life Assurance
Private Medical Insurance or Health Cash Plan (dependent on level)
Group Personal Pension Plan with matched contributions from 3-6%
Core Hours (Mon-Thurs, flexible start/finish times)
Early finish Fridays
Generous Maternity & Paternity Pay
Wellbeing programme, including subsidised monthly massages
Paid time off for Volunteering
Independent mortgage advice
Financial education
Employee Assistance Programme
Free eye tests
Regular Bar Night
Retail discounts
Flexible benefits including Dental, Travel insurance, Ride2Work, GymFlex and many more!

*Please ensure your CV is attached to your application*
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Marketing & Advertising
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Marketing Public Relations Writing/Editing