Data Scientist
SpotX (now part of Magnite)
Belfast, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom
Join SpotX, now part of Magnite, as a Data Scientist in Belfast.

SpotX is the leading video advertising platform shaping digital video and the future of TV globally and is headquartered in Denver with 9 offices throughout the US, EMEA, and APAC regions. SpotX reaches 4 out of 5 viewers of ad-supported CTV, or 70 million households in the US.

We are a global software company with development offices in Belfast. In Belfast we build out new applications that run on a platform operating at volumes many times higher than stock exchanges. We compete against the world’s biggest tech companies to support Ad Funded businesses. Our customers include many household names in the media and gaming industry.

The Role

SpotX is looking for a highly talented and motivated Data Scientist. We are looking for someone who is versatile, methodical, excited by modern technology and enjoys focusing on tackling software challenges. Does that sound like you?

Key Responsibilities
Research and experiment with different machine learning algorithms and techniques for pattern analysis, statistical modeling, feature engineering and predictive model building
Prototype and produce the developed Machine Learning solutions
Work with Engineers to make sure the models scale well on high volumes of data
Use Hive, Scala, Java or Python to utilize Hadoop/Spark to process large-scale datasets
Able to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex log-based data sets
Explore and interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques
Use big data skills to bring high volumes of data and data modeling together
Awareness of priorities of client-driven and internal projects
Partner with Data Engineers to get projects into production
Conduct and participate in design and code reviews for data science projects
Requirements And Preferred Experience
Masters or PhD degree in a quantitative field (e.g. mathematics, statistics, computer science or engineering)
1+ years’ experience working for a technology company (required)
In depth knowledge and experience with: Regression, Random Forests, Support Vector Machines, Bagging, Boosting, Decision Trees, Clustering, Optimization, Stochastic Processes
Solid understanding of predictive analytics, statistical modeling, and data-mining (theory, algorithms, and application)
Able to make intelligent approximations and design effective, practical, and scalable mathematical models
Able to identify assumptions and the limitations of models/algorithms and the impact on reporting and decision-making
Proficient in Python (required)
Experience with Jupyter Notebooks
Experience with Spark and "Big-Data" is desirable
Experience with Version Control such as git
Comfortable working in a Linux/Mac development environment
Training & Career Development
Access to enterprise education resources with open subscription to Lynda.com and pluralsight.com
SpotX knowledge for industry background
When You Join Our Team, We Offer
Company paid social events and treats (e.g. boat trips, bowling, pub quiz, etc)
Subsidised Gym Membership
Active Social Committee
Stocked snack cupboard & beer fridge!
Free Friday breakfasts
Weekly Scone and Fruit delivery
Great work-life balance and flexibility
Great holidays, (25 days plus 10 bank holidays PLUS exceptional extras over Christmas!)
Company pension plan and healthcare
Learn in a fun, casual, team environment
Amazing office location with panoramic views
Free concert viewing from our office overseeing Custom House Square!
Games room - ping pong, pool, games consoles
SpotX Is
An innovative company building best-in-class technology from 9 offices around the world (including Denver, New York City, London, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo and Belfast)
A fun, casual, and collaborative culture with a commitment to work-life balance
An award-winning organization, check out our latest accolades here
Proud to give back through the SpotX for Change Program matches up to $250 per year of employee donations to charities. SpotX contributed over $50K USD to charitable organizations in 2020
Featured on The Muse, learn more about our company and view employee testimonials here
In the news...check out our latest updates here
SpotX Values

We LOVE our customers.

We BELIEVE in our people.

We RESPECT each other.

We are DRIVEN.

We COLLABORATE.

We INNOVATE.

We EVOLVE.

We are SPOTX.

About SpotX

SpotX is the leading video advertising platform shaping digital video and the future of TV globally. The company’s solutions enable media owners to monetize content across all screens and streams while providing advertisers with direct access to brand-safe, premium inventory. With best-in-class technology purpose-built for video, SpotX’s trusted, privacy-compliant solutions are employed by some of the largest media owners in the world including A+E Networks, Crackle Plus, The CW Network, Dentsu CCI, Discovery, Fox Corporation, fuboTV, LG, Microsoft, Newsy, Pluto TV, Roku, Samsung, Sling TV, and Vudu. In the US, SpotX works with nearly all major OTT stakeholders and reaches 4 out of 5 viewers of ad-supported CTV, or 70 million households. SpotX is a subsidiary of Bertelsmann’s RTL Group and is headquartered in Denver with 9 offices throughout the US, EMEA, and APAC regions. Learn more at www.spotx.tv .

SpotX is an equal opportunities employer

Learn more at www.spotx.tv and follow @SpotX on Twitter and LinkedIn.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Marketing & Advertising Information Technology & Services Computer Software
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology