Machine Learning Engineer - Discover
Snap Inc.
London, England, United Kingdom
Snapchat is a camera and messaging app that connects people to their friends and the world. Every day around the globe, millions of people use Snapchat to communicate with friends, build relationships, play, and learn. No matter where you are or how you express yourself, it’s always the fastest way to share a moment!

Snap Engineering teams build fun and technically sophisticated products that reach hundreds of millions of Snapchatters around the world, every day. We’re deeply committed to the well-being of everyone in our global community, which is why our values are at the root of everything we do. We move fast, with precision, and always execute with privacy at the forefront. Some core features we build and maintain include Snapchat’s Camera, Creative Tools, Maps, Chat, Memories, Stories, Discover, Games, and Minis. Our Infrastructure teams deliver an innovative and cost-efficient platform that ensures Snapchat is the fastest way to communicate with your friends, no matter where you are in the world. We have one of the fastest growing digital ad platforms, and our Monetization teams drive measurable returns for advertisers through novel ad formats like Augmented Reality. As a Snap Engineering team member, you’ll help us build the future of communication.

We’re looking for Machine Learning Engineers to join our Discover Engineering team in London!

What You’ll Do
Create models which help drive value for users, advertisers, and our company
Evaluate the technical tradeoffs of every decision
Perform code reviews and ensure exceptional code quality
Build robust, lasting, and scalable products Iterate quickly without compromising quality
Knowledge

, Skills & Abilities
Strong understanding of machine learning approaches and algorithms
Able to prioritize duties and work well on your own
Background working with both internal and external partners
Background in solving open ambiguous problems
Possesses a desire to learn and help others
Minimum Qualifications
BS/BA degree in technical field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or equivalent years of experience
5+ years ML industry experience or 4+ years ML industry experience and MS and/or PhD in computer science or related field
Preferred Qualifications
Experience working with machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Caffe2, PyTorch, Spark ML, scikit-learn, or related frameworks
M.S. degree and/or PhD in computer science or related field Experience working with machine learning, ranking infrastructures, and system designs
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Marketing & Advertising Computer Software Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology