Data Scientist
Kantar
Ealing, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Luke Russon
Talent Acquisition Partner at Kantar
Send InMail
Job Details

Data Scientist
Hanger Lane, West London

Kantar Worldpanel is the global expert in shopper behaviour, offering continuous monitoring, advanced analytics and tailored solutions to inspire successful decisions by leading organisations worldwide. Worldpanel turns purchase behaviour into competitive advantage across a diverse range of markets including consumer goods, retail, tech, fashion and telecoms.

Worldpanel has been designated a growth platform for Kantar, with significant investments being made into our products and technology. This has led to the creation of a new Data Scientist role in the Expert Solutions team. The successful candidate will work as part of a team on bespoke projects for the world’s leading FMCG brands and retailers, helping to solve complex, tangible business problems with analytics-based solutions.

The role will involve direct contact with client stakeholders and ownership of project delivery end-to-end, alongside the opportunity to work with experienced data scientists who will help you to develop your practice. With the developments being made to our technology, the Data Scientist will also play a role in internally focused work, helping to blend multiple consumer panels and data types into a single, integrated solution that will keep Kantar at the cutting-edge of the industry.

This is a full-time, permanent role based in our offices in Hanger Lane. The role will be majority home/remote-based all the while COVID-related restrictions remain in place.

KEY OUTCOMES

Play a key role in the delivery of complex analytics projects, consulting with client stakeholders and solving their most critical business questions using the wealth of data at Kantar’s disposal.
Support with Worldpanel’s innovation through developing new analytical techniques or approaches, along with the wider team.
Confidently speak to clients about their analytics needs, taking briefs and liaising with internal and external clients.
Contribute to the team's knowledge base across technical disciplines, supporting and offering guidance to colleagues in the delivery of analytics work.
Support directors and Worldpanel’s leadership team in business development initiatives (proposals, pitching, etc.) where required.

CAPABILITIES

Extensive applied understanding of statistical methods, data science and analytical modelling, with a broad knowledge base across the wider data analysis landscape.
Extensive hands-on R or Python experience; experience in version control (Git) is also essential.
Confidence in extracting actionable insights from large data sets against a broad range of business questions.
Exceptional communication skills, with the ability to convey complex statistical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Interest in analysing human and consumer behaviour, or in brands and how they can grow.
Whilst not a requirement, prior experience working with panel or survey data would be considered an advantage.

Kantar Rewards Statement
At Kantar we have an integrated way of rewarding our people based around a simple, clear and consistent set of principles. Our approach helps to ensure we are market competitive and also to support a pay for performance culture, where your reward and career progression opportunities are linked to what you deliver.
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Market Research
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Analyst