Senior Data Scientist
KDR Recruitment Ltd
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Jack Mellor
Recruitment Consultant - Data, Technology and Analytics
Send InMail
Senior Data Scientist - Circa 90K – London

Data Science and machine learning are some of the most exciting terms in the industry right now. How would you like an opportunity to work with a company and team that are building models for production?

At KDR we have partnered with a software and consultancy that are on a very exciting growth path.
The role is a great chance for a Senior Data Scientist to really get stuck in working on some of the most interesting projects in the public and private sector.

This role will see you leading projects and working in a team of like-minded people. If you’re looking for a career path into management, our client has salary and promotion reviews every 6 months giving you the chance to progress quickly within the business.

Why should you apply?
A chance to work on some of the most interesting projects in the industry.
Join a company that are on a rapid growth journey with a reputation of keeping staff for lengthy tenures.
Unlike many research-based roles this is a pure production and machine learning operations role
Chance to work with an extremely talented and collaborative team.
The Position
Producing end to end software solutions containing data and risk platforms.
Consulting with clients ensuring all requirements are understood and delivered on
Completing task management from inception through Proof of Concept into production.
Translating technical work for clients to see and understand what is going on behind the numbers and statistics.
Implement machine learning into software solutions to increase system functionality.
Skills Needed
Strong programming experience such as Python or R.
Experienced in Cloud solutions such as AWS
Data Analytics experience
Proven record of completion from Proof of Concept through to production


There’s a lot more to this role but I don’t want to bore you with the specifics just yet so we can talk about all of that on the phone.

At KDR we’re niche Data, Tech & Analytics recruitment specialists, so if you don’t have an up-to-date CV right now that’s fine, you can send us what you have and we can talk it through via jack dot mellor at kdrrecruitment dot com. Or call me on zero one five six five, seven five eight, five seven zero
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Staffing & Recruiting Computer Software
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology Consulting