Data Scientist
EVERSANA
London, England, United Kingdom
THE POSITION:

Analyze tender data from public tender sources.

OUR CULTURAL BELIEFS

Patient Minded I act with the patient’s best interest in mind.

Client Delight I own every client experience and its impact on results.

Take Action I am empowered and empower others to act now.

Grow Talent I own my development and invest in the development of others.

Win Together I passionately connect with anyone, anywhere, anytime to achieve results.

Embrace Diversity I create an environment of awareness and respect.

Communication Matters I speak up to create transparent, thoughtful and timely dialogue.

Own It I hold myself and others accountable for results.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Our employees are tasked with delivering excellent business results through the efforts of their teams. These results are achieved by: [Describe the 5-7 most important things a top performer in this position must do, align to goals but do not include metric, examples below]
Clean, interpret and analyze public tender data in the Life Science sector
Regularly and on request, coordinate with data team in order to assure data extraction and cleansing is done according to internal standard and they do reflect tender awarding data published.
Engaging remotely and in office with both client’s and colleagues in a collaborative way. Keeping always in mind our goal to delight customers.
Able to identify new tender sources for additional data extraction
Coordinate both internal and external effort for data request, according internal or customer deadlines.
All other duties as assigned [Requirement. Do not delete]
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.

EXPECTATIONS OF THE JOB:

[This section should list the specific functions and responsibilities of the position, including travel requirements, if applicable.]
Travel 10-20 if needed (% or number of days)
Hours 40 Hours per week
The above list reflects the general details necessary to describe the expectations of the position and shall not be construed as the only expectations that may be assigned for the position.

An individual in this position must be able to successfully perform the expectations listed above.

MINIMUM KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:

The requirements listed below are representative of the experience, education, knowledge, skill and/or abilities required.

[This section should list mandatory eligibility requirements without which this job cannot be performed effectively.]
Education
Experience and/or Training Advanced Excel skills.
Licenses/Certificates None required
Technology/Equipment Excel advanced is a must
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

[This section should list preferred eligibility requirements.]
Education University degree preferred
Experience and/or Training Additional analytical tool, such as tableau preferred. Experience in Life Science strongly preferred. Fluency in one or more East European language strongly preferred.
Licenses/Certificates N/A
Technology/Equipment N/a
PHYSICAL/MENTAL DEMANDS AND WORKING ENVIRONMENT:

The physical and mental requirements along with the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an individual encounters while performing the essential functions of this position.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Pharmaceuticals Hospital & Health Care
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology