2021 - Level 6 Degree Apprenticeship – Digital & Data Scientist - Birmingham & London
Arcadis
London, England, United Kingdom
Description


‘Transform your world’

Wherever you work, whatever you do, as an Arcadian you have the chance to Improve Quality of life. It’s what unites and inspires us.

That’s why we focus on attracting, retaining and developing people who are committed to bringing their best, who deliver on their promises. People who value different perspectives, who build sustainable relationships and who dare to shape the future. People who seize the experiences available to transform their world - and the world around them.

Arcadis is a fantastic place to begin your career. It’s why we’re embracing a culture that puts people first. Where everyone has the opportunity to own their careers and transform their world. Where you can come together to work on industry-defining projects. And where your given the space to grow personally and professionally, building a flexible career that works for you.

We believe that by working together diverse people with different experiences develop the most innovative ideas. Equality, diversity and inclusion is at the heart of how we improve quality of life and we work closely with our people across six ED&I Workstreams- Age, Disability, Faith, Gender, LGBT+ and Race. A diverse and skilled workforce is essential to our success.

Projects-

You’ll experience industry defining projects that will accelerate your development and improve the lives of people around the world.

People- You’ll experience teamwork at its best you’ll see new perspectives. Perspectives that you can use to improve quality of life.

Opportunities- You’ll experience more than a career - you’ll have the chance to grow, personally and professionally, while impacting the lives of millions of people.

Flexibility- You’ll experience life - we believe that our people need to be empowered and trusted to work in a way that creates a positive balance - and we’ll all benefit, us you and millions of people.

At Arcadis, we believe embracing flexible ways of working is an essential element in a progressive, forward-looking business that thrives in innovation.

About Our Apprenticeship Programme


Our DTS Degree Apprentices undergo a BSc in Digital & Data science in Partnership with Cranfield University. The apprenticeship is 3-4 years and studied on a part time basis.

The role will allow you to access “on and off the job training” gaining knowledge and hands on experience support our Data Hub team in exploring and delivering digital innovations to later explore in our Business Areas.

The typical duration for this apprenticeship is 3-4 years, but will depend on the previous experience of the apprentice.

As a DTS Apprentice you will be on a 3-4 year fixed term contract. At the end of which it will be decided if we would like to take you on permanently based on successful completion of your Apprenticeship and achieving performance objectives.

Qualifications


Entry Requirements

Students will have to achieve at least 96 UCAS points (CCC at A Level) or equivalent. However, we’ll interview those without the ‘headline’ entry qualification and work with you on assessing any skill gaps. Other relevant or prior experience may also be considered as an alternative. Additional entry requirements are-
The apprenticeship standard requires English and Maths at Level 2 (GCSE/BTEC).
Be a UK/EU/EAA resident for at least three years prior to starting the course
Be at least 16 years old
Have left full time education when the apprenticeship starts
Right to work in the UK


Responsibilities

Data visualisation
Data modelling
Data wrangling
Coding
Low code development
Power Platform
KNIME
Process Automation & Robotics
To provide support in the delivery of projects and assignments
To be able to take a simple brief from a more senior members of staff and act upon it.
To provide all work outputs in an accurate and timely manner.
To provide general support to Project Teams.
Meet all the assessment requirements and expectations associated with your academic course of learning.


Skills & Behaviours Required

An interest in Data and digital design
Have a good head for numbers & enjoys working with IT
Ability to present information in a clear and concise manner
Be a team player
Growth Mindset
Innovation & Creativity
Dealing with Ambiguity
Analytical
Teamwork & Collaboration
Resilience

Arcadis are committed to investing in our people and rewarding for exceptional performance. As an Apprentice employee you will be eligible for the benefits below-
A Benefits Allowance and access to other Flexible Benefits
Where applicable, Pension Plan and Auto-Enrolment
At least 25 days holiday
1 x Charity day given per annum
Birthday Vouchers
Subscription, assessment and membership fees for relevant professional bodies


Why Arcadis?

At Arcadis, you’ll have the opportunity to build the career that’s right for you. Because each Arcadian has their own motivations, their own career goals. And, as a ‘people ﬁrst’ business, it’s why we’ll take the time to listen, to understand what you want from your time here, and provide the support you need to achieve your ambitions. Wherever you join us, you can look forward to a competitive reward package that includes an attractive starting salary, opportunities for career development and being part of a sociable community. We have a performance-related bonus scheme and an employee recognition scheme. Other beneﬁts include membership fees to join your relevant professional body, employer contribution pension scheme, ﬂexible working and a flexible holiday scheme.

We believe that by working together diverse people with different experiences develop the most innovative ideas. Equality, diversity and inclusion is at the heart of how we improve quality of life and we work closely with our people across six ED&I Workstreams- Age, Disability, Faith, Gender, LGBT+ and Race. A diverse and skilled workforce is essential to our success.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Civil Engineering Design Construction
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Design Consulting Engineering