Data Science Developer
tlmNexus Ltd
Brighton, England, United Kingdom
Job Title:           Data Science Developer
Location:          Brighton with travel to customer sites across the UK, may consider remote working
Reporting to:   Technical Lead, Evolution
Hours:               37.5 hours per week, Monday to Friday, which are to be completed at employee                           discretion whilst observing the core hours of 10:00am to 12:00pm and 2:00pm to                           4:00pm
Salary: £30,000 - £40,000 dependent on experience
 ﻿Job Purpose:
 The Data Science Developer role is one of software developer with a specialisation in data science and data visualisation. The developer will typically work as a member of a cross discipline team that would include other developers, analysts and testers.
 The developer will be required to work on a variety of projects ranging in size from small R&D projects, proof of concepts, demonstrations to fully mature products.
 The developer will take the lead when it comes to designing data models and visualisations and be prepared to mentor and inspire other developers with the techniques used.
  
Responsibilities:
 Work with stakeholders to identify opportunities for leveraging customer data to add value to products and services.
Design, build, test and maintain data models and algorithms.
Design effective data visualisations that add value for the end user.
Grow the appreciation of data science and data visualisation within the company.
  
Person Specification

Essential Experience, Knowledge and Skills
 Strong programming experience in Python, C# and .NET.
An understanding of data science, statistics and probability.
Experience in developing machine learning models using either Python, cloud services or C#.
Experience in developing reports and other data visualisations using a variety of technologies that could pull in data from a variety of sources.
Able to work autonomously and be self-motivated, with a positive attitude and an adaptable approach.
Able to communicate ideas effectively e.g. presentations, demonstrations and mentoring other developers and testers.
A higher education qualification in Computing, Computer Science, Data Science or similar.
Must be able to achieve Security Clearance (SC) status.
 Desirable Experience, Knowledge and Skills
 Agile, Lean and/or Six Sigma experience
Warehousing and ETL
Microsoft MVC
Microsoft Entity Framework
Experience with relational databases e.g. SQL Server.
No SQL databases e.g. MongoDB
Azure – machine learning services
ML.NET
Python Machine learning packages such as Numpy, Pandas, SciKit-learn, Tensorflow.
Experience in using a BI system such as Power BI, Tableau or similar
Git
Containerisation e.g. Docker, Kubernetes.
Experience of working on defence-related projects.
  Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Defense & Space
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology