Data Scientist
Mana Search
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Anna Farish
Fintech Headhunter at Mana Search
Send InMail
Data Scientist to join Series A Funded Hyper Scaling Fintech

The firm provides an all-in-one service for small businesses, start ups, freelancers that lets them run a business account to make and receive payments, along with software for invoicing, accounting and managing taxes that is run through a chat interface to assist users and automate some of the functions (like invoice tracking). It also offers additional services, such as connecting users to a live accountant during tax season.

The role is focused on helping the product team to improve their risk monitoring system. You will develop fraud/AML (anti-money laundering) detection algorithms and systems that protect the client and its customers from fraud and financial losses.

Responsibilities...
Design, implement and evaluate suspicious activity detection typologies
Participate in designing and evaluating key metrics of their risk monitoring system
Investigate and integrate new data sources to increase the system effectiveness
Manage the complete machine learning lifecycle from data pipelines and training to models deployment and monitoring
Collaborate with engineers to make the system fast and scalable

Requirements...
Fluency in Python with deep knowledge of statistical packages and ML/DL libraries/frameworks (e.g. Scikit-learn, NumPy, Keras/TensorFlow/PyTorch), and visualization libraries (e.g. Matplotlib, Plotly, Seaborn)
Fluency in SQL and familiarity with data visualization tools (e.g. DataStudio, Tableau)
Basic understanding of statistical analysis
Proactive growth mindset - keeping up to date with the latest technologies and researching new ideas
Experience in implementing production machine learning systems in a commercial environment
2+ years of relevant industry experience
Good knowledge of DevOps in a Data Science context (e.g. MLOps) would be a benefit 

What you will need...
Fluency in Python with deep knowledge of statistical packages and ML/DL libraries/frameworks (e.g. Scikit-learn, NumPy, Keras/TensorFlow/PyTorch), and visualisation libraries (e.g. Matplotlib, Plotly, Seaborn)
Fluency in SQL and familiarity with data visualisation tools (e.g. DataStudio, Tableau)
Basic understanding of statistical analysis
Proactive growth mindset - keeping up to date with the latest technologies and researching new ideas
Experience in implementing production machine learning systems in a commercial environment 

If this exciting challenge interests you, then please do get in touch!
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Staffing & Recruiting
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology