Data Analyst Trainer
ThreePeople
London, England, United Kingdom
Data Analyst Trainer / Coach Home based up to £55,000 p.a. + bonus + benefits

Are you a Data Analyst keen to pass on your skills and experience to the next generation of Data Analysts? This could be your life-changing opportunity. Exciting home based role with top performing training company.

The Role

Responsibilities Will Include

As Data Analyst Trainer you will work with learners, supporting them through all aspects of the L3 & L4 Data Analytics apprenticeship standards to successful completion of the programme.
delivery of engaging virtual, face to face and classroom-based group knowledge sessions
ensuring each learner is ready for end point and qualification assessment
being the subject specialist in Data analytics
working collaboratively with learners and employers
maintaining quality standards in line with Company and Ofsted guidelines

The Company

Our client is one of the top performing and fastest growing training companies in the UK. With their success built upon tailored solutions to meet the specific needs of employers and employees, they serve a rapidly expanding customer base across the Fitness, Hospitality, Retail, Health, Care, Childcare & Teaching, Business and Management sectors. They offer a performance bonus in addition to basic salary, 25 days paid holiday plus bank holidays, company pension scheme, life assurance, staff incentives, etc.

The Person

Qualifications

You may also have experience as a Coach, Mentor, Trainer, Lecturer or Teacher with relevant qualifications desirable ( L4 and A1 ) and you will also have

As Data Analyst Trainer you will have vocational experience in Data Analytics or Data Science.
experience in SQL, Tableau, Power BI, R, Python
ability to work autonomously with good organisational / problem-solving skills
experience working in high demand environment delivering to targets & tight deadlines
excellent communication, presenting & listening skills
confidence using Microsoft Office, CRM and video conferencing platforms
If you think this describes you and you want to put your skills and experience to work in a new way, this could be your life-changing opportunity. Please forward your CV quoting reference 313702-3660.

WE REGRET WE CAN ONLY ACCEPT APPLICATIONS FROM PERSONS AUTHORISED TO WORK WITHIN THE UK

Applications are invited with experience in: data analyst trainer coach mentor teacher assessor data analytics training education L4 A1 data science SQL Power BI Python Tableau Microsoft apprenticeship WFH

We advertise vacancies on behalf of clients. If your CV matches our client's requirements, we will forward your details to them to confirm your suitability. By applying for this role, you consent to the submission of your details for this purpose only. Any data processed will be used for recruitment purposes only and will be not be retained by us for a period longer than 6 months.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Staffing & Recruiting Financial Services Hospital & Health Care
Employment Type
Part-time
Job Functions
Information Technology