Claims Data Analyst
Simply Business
London, England, United Kingdom
We’re Simply Business

We insure small businesses and enable big dreams – not just for our customers, but for our people and communities too. With over 750,000 active insurance policies, we protect builders, bakers, landlords, and more than 1,000 other trades.

We harness cutting-edge data ability, believe in experimentation, and build our own technology to deliver better experiences for our customers and employees. This means we’re as much a technology company as one that sells insurance. We build, we fail, we learn, we improve. We’re a B Corp too, which recognises our strong track record of having a positive impact on people, society and the environment.

If Simply Business sounds like the kind of place you’ll thrive, we’d love to hear from you.

Working here as we get back to normal

After working remotely for so long, we have a vision for how our people will work with each other now and in the future.

Every employee should have the choice and flexibility to work in a way that’s best for their job, their team, and their life.

We know that being together in person is usually the best way to get work done, which is why our offices will become ‘hubs’ that we expect our employees to visit every so often. That said, there’s no one-size-fits all solution, so all of our people and teams will find the rhythm that suits them best.

We’re looking for a Claims Data Analyst to join our team.

Here's What You Will Be Doing
analysing claims data to identify trends and spikes to support effective decision making
identifying where data can be improved to support our innovation approach
forecasting future claims performance to understand growth and how claims may change
being a key stakeholder in calculating profit commissions from insurers at a claims level
supporting data-led decisions based on your analysis and recommendations

We Are Looking For Someone Who Is
passionate about data and problem solving
motivated to deliver an innovative approach to data and improve it through machine learning and AI
creative and wants to transform their ideas into practice, piloting different solutions
great at communicating with others and is able to clearly set out data in a simple and digestible way
experienced in data and working in a similar role elsewhere

A Few More Details About The Role
experience in data modelling to predict future trends
working alongside internal and external stakeholders to discuss and implement data solutions
experience in writing SQL queries would be beneficial to the role
attention to detail is pivotal as you understand overall insurer performance and the claims impact that drives this
an understanding of how to improve data quality and what's needed
Our culture is inclusive and diverse

Our mission is to make Simply Business synonymous with fairness, belonging and inclusivity. We won’t be happy until we’ve created a truly inclusive culture – where every employee, whatever their background, role, or location, feels comfortable being their authentic self at work.

We all have a part to play – to learn more, to do more and to go further – in building this new reality that’ll be befitting of the diversity of the customers we serve. At Simply Business, we’re all in.

What are the benefits?

At Simply Business, our benefits let you balance life and work properly:
flexible parental leave – you can choose to take shared parental leave, plus we offer full pay for the first six months of your maternity leave and four-week fully paid paternity leave, subject to meeting the qualifying criteria
remote working – more of us are currently working remotely than usual, but longer-term you can balance working remotely with working in the office, giving you the opportunity to connect with colleagues
mental health and wellbeing resources – we take your wellbeing seriously, giving you access to counselling (through our Employee Assistance Programme) as well as technology to support your mental health (through the Unmind app)
paid sabbatical – two weeks off when you’ve been here for five years and four weeks off when you’ve been here for 10 years
a dedicated learning platform – including a management and leadership programme – the platform lets you balance both work and life goals

And We Compensate You Fairly
a competitive salary that reflects your experience, our pay policy and the market we’re in from your first day
the potential to earn an annual bonus based on business performance (those on commission-led roles will be rewarded monthly)
we match what you put into your pension up to five per cent
a health cash plan reimburses your everyday medical expenses (with the opportunity to increase the level of your plan in your flexible benefits)
a generous holiday entitlement of 25 days annual leave, plus bank holidays
life assurance of four times of your basic salary
Smart Health services including unlimited access to a 24/7 virtual GP
a flexible benefits scheme with an allocated allowance each year to choose from benefits including private medical insurance, dental insurance, travel insurance, up to five days extra holiday, and gym membership
These values are important to us and our people
Learning
Empowerment
Authenticity
Pioneering
Simplicity
These all mean something unique to every person at Simply Business, but if you’re thinking about working here, give them some thought. They’re at the heart of our story.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Computer Software Insurance Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology