Data Science and Analytics Specialist
Ramboll
Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
We invite you to bring your enthusiasm for innovation and sustainability to our growing team that deliver digital solutions to our consulting teams and clients. We are looking for candidates that can collaborate with others to develop solutions that optimise environmental outcomes. To succeed in this role you must have experience of applying data science and machine learning to optimisation problems. Are you our new Data Science and Analytics Specialist? Click the apply-button to send your application.

Inviting bright minds

Do you want to push the boundaries of your profession and develop your excellence in an open, collaborative and empowering culture? We work to create a sustainable future and our inspiring projects and innovative solutions aim to set the standard among our peers. You will join a global company that has been growing successfully since its founding in 1945. Together, we lead and leave a positive impact on societies, companies and people around the world.

You will join our GIS, Digital and Data team

Digitalisation is a core component of our business strategy and you will join a team on the front line of transforming how we work and deliver value to clients. As our new Data Science and Analytics Specialist, you will be part of our GIS, Digital and Data team in the UK. This team utilises cutting edge tools and visualisation techniques, to provide the insight that supports the work of our consultants and clients. This role sits within our Environment & Health practice and will primarily support ongoing work to develop new information services for clients. Beyond the 12 month contract period there is potential for the right candidate to be retained to support ongoing digitalisation and client facing projects.

Your Key Tasks And Responsibilities Will Include
Lead technical development of models that optimise environmental outcomes;
Generate data insights and visualisations for project teams and clients;
Programming in R, Python, JavaScript;
Promoting technical capabilities and inspiring new applications of data science in Ramboll;
Provide technical expertise to digitalisation projects.
Your key deliverables over the first 12 months will be
Building a strong network of contacts in Ramboll that you collaborate with;
Shaping our vision of what is possible and using your expertise to make a big impact;
Overcome challenges independently, bringing in additional expertise when appropriate;
Proactively identify opportunities for your specialism to add value and develop new services;
Proactively communicate your capabilities, engage with stakeholders and solicit feedback;
Your starting point for constant growth

From the moment you join Ramboll, we will support your personal and professional development so that you grow with the company. For this role, we believe your starting point is
Experience of designing, testing and operationalising optimisation, machine learning or AI models;
Understanding of environmental data and its value for clients
Advanced programming skills for automation and tool development;
Proficient in data visualisation using tools such as PowerBI;
Experience of using cloud platforms such as Microsoft Azure;
Postgraduate degree in Computer Science, Data Analytics or related field.
Personal qualities that will help you succeed in this role include well developed interpersonal skills, organised, with excellent communication skills. Ability to think creatively, problem solve and pro-actively seek out opportunities to collaborate with others.

Welcome to our Environmental & Health practice

One of the world’s leading environmental and health consultancies, with over 13,000 bright minds globally, we are trusted by clients to manage their most challenging environmental, health and social issues. We help clients understand and manage the impacts of their activities and products, so that they can respond to business, regulatory or legal challenges effectively and develop sound strategies for operating sustainably.

Ramboll in the United Kingdom

Ramboll is ranked a Top 10 consultant in the UK and has 1,300 bright minds working across 17 offices to apply their passion to deliver innovative solutions across Buildings, Transport, Environment & Health and Energy. We love seeing our talents develop and succeed and you will have opportunities to work on challenging and inspiring projects within an environment that is friendly, open and supportive.

Ramboll offers the opportunity to be part of a dynamic organisation in the rapidly growing Engineering and Consultancy sector in the UK. We offer a competitive salary, alongside 27 days holiday per year, private medical insurance and flexible working.

How To Apply

Apply online. Attach your CV, cover letter and relevant documents showcasing why you are the right fit for the role, and when you are available to start. We look forward to receiving your application.

Deadline 20th June 2021.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Environmental Services Renewables & Environment
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Consulting Engineering