Data Scientist
Allen Recruitment Consulting
London, England, United Kingdom
Data Scientist
Based in London, our client is renowned for their continuing advancements in online technologies that have changed the world. An ambitious, fast paced forward thinking company with very creative culture.

They require a Data Scientist with 5+ years of experience in data analytics and expereince in Python and/or R to join them, initially on a 6-month contract.
The Data Scientist is to produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets.

Our client is currently conducting all interviews online and are onboarding all new workers remotely.
Job Reference: BBBH 19856

What will a Data Scientist?
Apply knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement.
Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data.
Generate and test hypotheses and analyze and interpret the results of product experiments.
Work with product engineers to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features and provide guidelines for large-scale implementation.
Provide Business Intelligence (BI) and data visualization support, which includes, but limited to support for the online customer service dashboards and other ad-hoc requests requiring data analysis and visual support.

What does the Ideal Candidate look like?
5+ years of experience in data analytics.
Experienced in Python and/or R.
Experience big data tools such as Hadoop.
Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or PowerBI.
Experience with SQL.
Experience working with large datasets.

Benefits?
Competitive Salary, with great onsite benefits including free canteen, unlimited (top class) coffee, tea, soft drinks and much more.
Work Laptop, phone (most roles) and latest tools and technologies.
State of the art modern office.
25 days annual leave (pro-rata) plus paid bank holidays.
Expanding workforce with options for permanent positions and career progress ion for top performers.
The experience of working with a company that will make your CV stand out from the crowd.

Still interested in this opportunity?
Submit your CV (in a Microsoft Word format) today!
OR
Perhaps this role didn't fully fit your criteria, not to worry - we have many similar roles advertised on our website - www.allenrec.com
Please don't hesitate to contact any of our team with any questions you may have on Email: or Phone: +443303351710.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Internet Online Media
Employment Type
Temporary
Job Functions
Analyst Information Technology Research