Data Scientist
Jaguar Land Rover
Coventry, England, United Kingdom
REQ ID: 56001

JOB TITLE: Data Scientist

SALARY: Competitive

POSTING END DATE: 30/07/2021

LOCATION: Coventry

Dreaming for tomorrow is about more than ideas and ambitions. We’re already building the next generation of vehicles, using repurposed and brand-new technology and techniques. We’re doing more than dream, we’re creating the future of mobility and automotive for years to come.

What To Expect

We’re reinventing what tomorrow looks like at Jaguar Land Rover. There’s a revolution underway in our industry – and we’re leading it. We’ve always been innovators. But our future will be driven by the possibilities created by new technologies as never before.

The Quality Analytics team uses advanced analytics to integrate data from numerous sources throughout the vehicle’s lifecycle and run predictive analytics to identify and prioritise the root causes of product quality issues.

We are currently undergoing an ambitious transformation program that entails building robust analytics solutions to handle the integration, modelling, prediction and inference of all customer quality issues, utilising the best in class data analytics and machine learning tools and methods. We are looking for outstanding problem solvers who are inquisitive and passionate about data-driven change.

Key responsibilities
Design, prototype and deploy machine learning models.
Write high-quality code, with production and deployment in mind (version control, TDD, automated pipelines)
Communicate model assumptions and results to business users
Partner with various business functions to explore and identify opportunities for improvements
What You’ll Need

You will have the technical knowledge with hands-on experience working with complex data and solving problems using Python or/and R with knowledge of data manipulation and SQL experience.

Essential
Numerate degree background
Keen problem solver with experience in developing analytics solutions to problems
Experience working with complex data and solving problems using one or more programming language such as Python (preferred) or R
Data manipulation and SQL experience
Experience or knowledge of several modelling approaches (clustering, classification, text analytics, regression), and exposure to some of the standard machine learning algorithms.
Desirable
Experience with NLP is a distinct plus
Experience with a cloud environment (GCP or similar)
Demonstrate a proactive approach to managing own development in data science or software development through (MOOCs), personal projects, public GitHub repo, etc
Experience in one or more visualisation tool or library (Tableau, Google Data Studio, ggplot2, Matplotlib, Seaborn, etc)
SO WHY US?

Bring all this to the home of premium innovation, and you’ll find the opportunities to further your career with a world-class team, a discounted car purchase and lease scheme for you and your family, membership of a competitive pension plan and performance related bonus scheme. All this and more makes Jaguar Land Rover the perfect place to continue your journey.

Please be aware that we may close this vacancy for applications before the stated deadline if we receive a high volume of interest. We strongly advise you to submit your application as early as possible.

Jaguar Land Rover is committed to equal opportunity for all.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Automotive
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology