Data Scientist
La Fosse Associates
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
George Mecklenburgh
Consultant - Data Science & Analytics at La Fosse Associates
Send InMail
Data Scientist| London with WFH | 50-55k + bonus

A leading provider of strategic pharmaceutical services formed as a joint venture by two of the world's largest multinational corporations (pharmaceutical and retail) are searching for a Data Scientist to join their growing and passionate data team.

This role will provide data-driven insights and products to drive commercial value and to enable a wide range of strategic business decision processes. This will be achieved by working on complex analyses and/or by developing predictive models to optimise our sourcing approach, drive business growth, reduce waste and support automation across all areas of the business. This role will work in partnership with both internal and external stakeholders to provide statistical data expertise and support the ongoing demand to deliver business insight and opportunities. 

Responsibilities:
Develop our data science capability and advocate for the use of data and information assets.
Grow the test & learn capability of the company to optimise sourcing strategies.
Provide commercial deep dives into specific business area and translate data into actionable insight & recommendations.
Develop models (rule-based segmentation, decision trees, predictive models) to help decision-making processes.
Serve as a subject matter expert on statistical analysis and convey technical results effectively to a variety of audiences, including those with a non-technical background
Sharing learning and insights across multiple levels and multiple business units
Present complex ideas and recommendation to various level in the organization

Must have
Strong data query language/tools skills (e.g. SQL, Alteryx).
Commercial acumen ( e.g. commercial deep dives, business driver reviews).
Skills in creating segmentation and/or predictive models.
R and /or Python language
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Information Technology & Services Alternative Medicine Biotechnology
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology Analyst Science