Data Analyst, Sales Operations (fixed-term)
Thermo Fisher Scientific
Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
The Job

Fixed Term Contract: 6 months (additional opportunities may follow)

We are looking for a commercial-facing data analyst to provide support and analytics to our EMEA wide sales organization. As Data Analyst, you will have the ability to understand commercial challenges, derive insights from data & make recommendations.

This will be a 6 month fixed-term contract initially (6 months from start date) within our Sales Operations team, although other opportunities may follow. This is a fast-paced commercial team with lots of opportunity and scope for development. The team is based at our Inchinnan, Paisley offices, however, we are happy to consider qualified candidates based anywhere in the UK as you will be working remotely from home due to the pandemic.

The successful candidate will have strong Microsoft Excel and data analysis skills, a keen interest in how data drives commercial decision making & a creative flair for problem solving.

Join us and start your career with a global organization which prioritizes career development, allowing you to achieve your best – both personally and professionally.

What will you do?
Simplify & present large volumes of complex data
Collaborate cross functionally & gain buy-in of colleagues
Assist team members in fulfilling day-to-day tasks using data
Involvement in projects e.g. territory alignment, target setting, integration mapping
Produce daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly reports
Process, cleanse & validate data used for analytics
Extract data using Cognos
Suggest process improvements & automation possibilities
Use your expertise to automate & streamline processes
Confidently deal with rapidly changing priorities & scope
Who We Are Looking For
Strong Microsoft Excel skills (essential)
Some previous experience with data visualization tools e.g. PowerBi or Tableau would be useful
Ability to listen to & interpret business requirements
Excellent communication skills
Ability to work at speed & prioritize effectively
Flexible attitude to changing priorities
Bachelor’s degree in a related subject e.g. Mathematics, Data Science, Statistics, Economics, IT; or equivalent work experience & knowledge
Fluent in English (verbal & written)
What’s In It For You
Excellent career progression opportunities with a large and growing global employer
Competitive salary, plus annual incentive bonus
Generous benefits package
About Us

Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies or increasing productivity in their laboratories, we are here to support them.

Our global team of more than 75,000 colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services and Patheon.

With Thermo Fisher Scientific, it’s not just a career. It’s a chance to realise your best – professionally and personally.

Apply today!

http://jobs.thermofisher.com
Industry
Pharmaceuticals Biotechnology
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Finance