Analytics and Data Insight Consultant
Accenture
Manchester, England, United Kingdom
Analytics & Data Insight Consultant

Location: London

Career Level: (Accenture will be recruiting at the following levels: Snr Analyst, Consultant, Associate Manager)

Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services in strategy and consulting, interactive, technology and operations, with digital capabilities across all these services. With our thought leadership and culture of innovation, we apply industry expertise, diverse skill sets and next-generation technology to each business challenge.

We believe in inclusion and diversity and supporting the whole person. Our core values comprise of Stewardship, Best People, Client Value Creation, One Global Network, Respect for the Individual and Integrity. Year after year, Accenture is recognized worldwide not just for business performance but for inclusion and diversity too.

“Across the globe, one thing is universally true of the people of Accenture: We care deeply about what we do and the impact we have with our clients and with the communities in which we work and live. It is personal to all of us.” – Julie Sweet, Accenture CEO

As a team:

We are an award-winning analytics team as part of which you'll work on innovative projects with colleagues to drive analytics transformation from pre-sales conversations through to implementation. You will be using the latest technologies with clients to help them get to the next level of analytics maturity. The team, sits within Accenture Technology’s Data & AI practice.

You'll learn, grow and advance in an innovative culture that thrives on shared success, diverse ways of thinking and enables boundaryless opportunities that can drive your career in new and exciting ways.

If you’re looking for a challenging career working in a vibrant environment with access to first-class training and a global network of experts, this is the role for you. As part of our global team, you'll be working with cutting-edge technologies and will have the opportunity to develop a wide range of new skills on the job.

In our team you will learn:

How to translate business needs from clients into technical requirements

To estimate level of effort required, develop and implement solutions

Skills to demonstrate our technology platform to prospective clients

New techniques in delivering truly transformative engagements

As an Analytics Consultant, you will:

Blend, cleanse and enrich data of any type, size, structure or source

Analyse and investigate data using a broad array of visual, predictive and spatial techniques to find patterns across datasets

Follow best practice guidelines to create interactive visualisations

Work on both standalone and team projects

Provide technical support to clients that require assistance

Deliver training workshops and build proof of concepts for new prospects


We are looking for experience in the following skills:

Essential: hands on (and ideally certified) Alteryx and Tableau

Desirable: experience using/implementing Alteryx and Tableau Server

Proven ability of working with data and analytics

Data warehouse experience would be beneficial (Exasol or Snowflake is an advantage);

Some experience in areas such as: predictive analytics (AI/ML), spatial modelling, regression, customer segmentation, single customer view, AB testing, basket analysis, clustering, time series


Set yourself apart:

Have a passion for data, analytics and visualisation

Come with certified experience of Alteryx and Tableau

Demonstrate a proven history of delivering compelling solutions that exceed client expectations


Nice to have

As we embrace innovation and grow into new areas we are also interested in candidates with a data science background who are passionate about machine learning. We are working closely with organisations to bring expertise in data science to help customers with predictive modelling. Contact us if you have hands-on experience building and implementing AI/ML models.

What’s In It For You

At Accenture in addition to a competitive basic salary, you will also have an extensive benefits package which includes 25 days’ vacation per year, private medical insurance and 3 extra days leave per year for charitable work of your choice!

Flexibility and mobility are required to deliver this role as there will be requirements to spend time onsite with our clients and partners to enable delivery of the first-class services we are known for.

About Accenture

Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services in strategy and consulting, interactive, technology and operations, with digital capabilities across all of these services. We combine unmatched experience and specialized capabilities across more than 40 industries — powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. With 509,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries, Accenture brings continuous innovation to help clients improve their performance and create lasting value across their enterprises. Visit us at http://www.accenture.com/

Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity, or any other basis as protected by applicable law.

Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology Engineering