Machine Learning Engineer (Bangkok based, relocation provided)
Agoda
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
About Agoda

Agoda is an online travel booking platform for accommodations, flights, and more. We build and deploy cutting-edge technology that connects travelers with more than 2.5 million accommodations globally. Based in Asia and part of Booking Holdings, our 4,000+ employees representing 90+ nationalities foster a work environment rich in diversity, creativity, and collaboration. We innovate through a culture of experimentation and ownership, enhancing the ability for our customers to experience the world.

Get to Know Our Team

The Data department oversees all of Agoda’s data-related requirements. Our ultimate goal is to enable and increase the use of data in the company through creative approaches and the implementation of powerful resources such as operational and analytical databases, queue systems, BI tools, and data science technology. We hire the brightest minds from around the world to take on this challenge and equip them with the knowledge and tools that contribute to their personal growth and success while supporting our company’s culture of diversity and experimentation. The role the Data team plays at Agoda is critical as business users, product managers, engineers, and many others rely on us to empower their decision making. We are equally dedicated to our customers by improving their search experience with faster results and protecting them from any fraudulent activities. Data is interesting only when you have enough of it, and we have plenty. This is what drives up the challenge as part of the Data department, but also the reward.

The Opportunity

In this role, you are expected to be able to adapt and deal with scalability, real time engineering and machine learning. You will mostly work with Spark and Python, but new technologies and languages are always incoming. Tasks include building real time microservices, ML models, streaming and batch processes that can handle a large amount of data. Data is your best friend, you need to investigate and analyze it in order to find insights and solve problems that can arise from massive parallelism and distributed systems.

In This Role, You’ll Get to
Design and build new data pipelines from scratch, all the way to deploying them to production
Research and solve real world, large scale problems through ideation and development
Participate in cutting edge research in machine learning applications
Improve scalability, speed and performance of ML models and processes
What You’ll Need To Succeed
3+ years of software development experience
Experience in one or more object-oriented languages, including Scala, Python, Java or C++
Understanding of fundaments of stats and desire to learn the details of custom machine learning algorithms
Adherence to data driven development where decisions are based on data and A/B experimentation
Experience working in an agile environment using test driven methodologies
It’s Great If You Have
Academic or working experience in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence
Experience working with Apache Spark, TensorFlow, Caffe, Torch, Theano, or Scikit-Learn
Experience building large-scale distributed products
Passionate about functional programming
#sanfrancisco #sydney #melbourne #london #tokyo #dhaka #munich #berlin #toronto #vancouver #moscow #dublin #seoul #hcmc #telaviv #ENG #IT #4

Equal Opportunity Employer

At Agoda, we pride ourselves on being a company represented by people of all different backgrounds and orientations. We prioritize attracting diverse talent and cultivating an inclusive environment that encourages collaboration and innovation. Employment at Agoda is based solely on a person’s merit and qualifications. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, age, race, color, national origin, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, citizenship, veteran or military status, and other legally protected characteristics.

We will keep your application on file so that we can consider you for future vacancies and you can always ask to have your details removed from the file. For more details please read our privacy policy .

To all recruitment agencies: Agoda does not accept third party resumes. Please do not send resumes to our jobs alias, Agoda employees or any other organization location. Agoda is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology