Digital Insight Analyst
FitFlop
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Ben Enlander
Talent Acquisition @ FitFlop - London, New York, Hong Kong & Vietnam - We're hiring! 👟👞
Send InMail
Digital Insight Analyst

Our digital footprint is a major part of our current and future strategy. We have a lot of rich data at our fingertips, and our Insights & Analytics Team is well-placed to use this information to drive our brand forward. 
 Working within the FitFlop Insights Team your focus will be on understanding the consumer; looking at their behaviours and attitudes to help us provide them with the best possible onsite and brand experience. This is a customer driven role, driving actionable insight using online and offline data as well as opinions and feedback.


The Responsibilities:

Work with the Insight and Analytics Manager to help report and analyse our Digital and Customer activity.
Leverage insights from multiple sources, including surveys, trackers, forums, online platforms, and internal databases to become the internal voice of customer.
Derive data-driven insights to inform decision-making and digital strategy.
Work closely with the marketing, trade and brand teams to maximise performance and efficiency.
Identify areas for improvement and cost saving through an analytical approach.
Deliver continuous site optimisation through AB/MVT testing, communicate results and provide recommendations.
Maintain the quality and effectiveness of regular reporting, including: Customer base monitoring, Forecasting and Segmentation, Competitor benchmarking and market share performance, Site performance metrics and onsite user journeys / behaviour, Marketing attribution, Digital Marketing Performance.
Supporting external agencies and third parties to deliver insights projects.


The Person:

Experience working within analytics, ideally within the fashion/retail industry.
Experience using Google Analytics (or similar web analytics tool).
A passion for Insight and Analytics, and an understanding of how data can be exploited to drive competitive advantage.
Excellent communication/presentation skills, and the ability to convert and translate complex data to a wide range of audiences.
Inquisitive nature & strong analytical mind set. Must be driven to fully explore and understand problems and solve them using data
Demonstrated skills in building and maintaining strong relationships with peers.
A working knowledge of Excel.
A customer-oriented focus.
A self-starter, capable of working and learning autonomously.
Educated to degree level, ideally in mathematics, statistics, economics, management sciences, or similar.
 Desirable Experience:

Experience with SQL or BigQuery.
Experience with data visualisation tools such as Tableau or Google Data Studio.
Experience with a Customer Experience Analytics platforms such as Content Square or Decibel.
Experience with Customer Data Platforms such as Exponea.
A good understanding of data science and/or statistics.
Market Research experience.
An interest/background in fashion, retail, or e-commerce business operations.
 ﻿The Benefits:

We’re all about giving our people the tools to be the best they can be. Because when we’re at our best (happy and healthy) together we have the power to do something amazing and really deliver. Our benefits include private health or dental insurance, pension contribution, 25 days holiday, free pairs & product discounts, FitFlop Feel-Good programme (including everything from mindfulness to financial wellbeing) and a full blended learning and development calendar.
 We also actively encourage Smarter Working (this is our version of Flexible working). We know everyone works differently and we embrace this – we focus on outputs (not hours!) and believe that flexibility drives engagement. Engagement links directly to performance and we need to be at our peak to be able to achieve our business goals!
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Apparel & Fashion Retail
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Marketing Research Analyst