Graduate Technology Forensic Data Analytics London 2021
PwC UK
London, England, United Kingdom
Line of Service
Advisory

Industry/Sector
Not Applicable

Specialism
Forensic Technology

Management Level
Associate

Job Description & Summary

In an increasingly digitised world, instances of fraud and electronic crime are becoming more and more common. Forensic Data Analytics involves the analysis of data in order to discover meaningful patterns, measure historic events or predict the likelihood of future ones. Much of our work requires us to analyse vast quantities of electronic data, using cutting edge technology and advanced statistical techniques to extract meaningful insights for our worldwide clients. Typically, our work centres on the analysis of large volumes of electronic data, and because we operate in an environment where speed of response is often critical to our clients, we are constantly innovating and drawing on the very latest technologies.

Our graduate training programme is underpinned by a development framework that broadens and deepens your knowledge. You'll learn from hands-on coaching and an outstanding variety of work, picking up business, personal and technical skills you can use across the network, and throughout your career.

What You'll Do

Join us and you'll get to work alongside leading professionals in fields such as Big Data, Predictive Analytics, Machine Learning and Data Visualisation. You could be looking for hidden patterns within the global payments of a bank accused of money laundering, searching for evidence of fraud and abuse within a company’s finance system or helping to identify illegal activity within millions of transactions. You may also be researching new tools and technologies and developing new propositions to take to our clients.

As a valued member of the team you will gain exposure to a wide variety of analytical techniques, providing you with a solid foundation for your career in data analytics.

What You'll Need

2.1 degree or be on target to achieve a 2.1 degree in a STEM related degree (Science/Technology/Engineering/Maths) and demonstrate a passion for a career in technology and how organisations use it. In Northern Ireland in some areas a 2:2 degree plus a Merit in a STEM Masters will be accepted. We determine whether you're on course for a 2.1. based on the grades you achieved in your last completed year of academic study.

Our work is technical and successful candidates are able to evidence experience in one or more of the following competency areas:

Data Analytics
Big Data
Data Modelling
Data Science
Programming or scripting experience
Do you need a work permit?
Please note that PwC is unable to sponsor any candidates for the following graduate roles as the Home Office's eligibility criteria will not be satisfied. For more information. For more information visit our website .

When to apply
This role will be filled on a rolling/first come first served basis; so early applications are encouraged.

The below dates are the latest possible deadlines for the role. However, we may remove the position from our website, and stop taking applications, without notice and before these deadlines:

The deadline for applications is Wednesday 14 July 2021
The deadline for you to complete our online tests (Game Based Assessment and Video Interview) is Thursday 15 July 2021
The deadline for you to attend your assessment day is Friday 23 July 2021

Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified)

Degrees/Field of Study required:Degrees/Field of Study preferred:

Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified)

107. United Kingdom: Not applicable - Other (preferred)

Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)

Travel Requirements

Not Specified

Available for Work Visa Sponsorship?
Yes

Government Clearance Required?
Yes

Job Posting End Date
July 21, 2021
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Accounting
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology