Graduate Data Analyst
Micro Focus
Newbury, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Gemma Cuff
Head of EMEA Talent Acquisition & Global Recruiting Programs at Micro Focus
Send InMail
Graduate Data Analyst
Job Description
Micro Focus is one of the worlds largest enterprise software providers, delivering the mission-critical software that keeps the digital world running. We combine pragmatism, discipline, and customer-centric innovation to deliver trusted, proven solutions that customers need to succeed in todays rapidly evolving marketplace.

That is high tech without the drama.

We are implementing the next generation application architecture for its lead-to-cash business operations and sales compensation.
We are looking for highly driven, talented Graduate Data Analysts to join our Business Data Management team as part of the Chief Data Office organisation.
You will be working with the Functional Data Architect/ Strategist to solve complex data problems. You will join a high-performance, innovative team with a track record in driving business innovations through process simplifications and data monetisation.

What will you be doing?
Performing data analysis to support business operations and decisions
Creating data visualizations
Trouble-shooting data issues
Contributing to definition metrics for proactive monitoring of data quality

What about you?
We thinkin order to add immediate value and to succeed in this role; you should have recently graduated with a Bachelors or Masters in Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering or related technical studies
If you have experience with data requirement definition and analysis in operational or analytical/ BI data domains or with data visualisation techniques, that would be great!
Knowledge of data modeling techniques and tools is a real plus
Knowledge of SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL desired
Proficient with Excel, Visual Basic or Access DB
Knowledge of Tableau or other data visualization technologies
Ability to work together as a team to constantly identify opportunities for self and collective improvements
What will you get in return?
As well as a meaningful career with the opportunity to really develop and display your skills and ideas, you will also receive support, progression, ongoing training and development.
You will also receive an array of competitive benefits and a company bonus.

Job
Business Planning
Micro Focus is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status
Industry
Computer Software Computer Networking Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology