Data Scientist
Inbox Insight
Winchester, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Hannah Bateman (Assoc CIPD)
HR Assistant - Currently hiring various roles!
Send InMail
Inbox Insight are a rapidly expanding B2B marketing company, working extensively with a host of blue chip clients, media buying agencies and enterprises across EMEA and North America.

Inbox Insight is looking to appoint a Data Scientist to join the Data Science Team based in their Winchester headquarters.

Inbox Insight are a rapidly expanding B2B lead generation company, working extensively with a host of blue-chip clients, media buying agencies and growing enterprises across EMEA and North America. We publish omnichannel digital content for a global business audience and work closely with clients such as Google, KPMG, IBM. Oracle and Vodafone.

Located in central Winchester, our modern offices have good commuter links and a short walk from the train station. We offer a competitive remuneration package, ongoing training, a friendly office environment, a relaxed dress code and regular staff events.

Initially, the role will be home-based, although we anticipate reopening our offices in Q3 2021 (along with a degree of flexible working).

Responsibilities
Through the application of mathematical modelling, machine learning and data analysis, design, build and deploy analytical tools to generate insight, recognise patterns and predict behaviour
Retrieve, cleanse and verifying data used for processing
Collaborate with internal stakeholders to generate accurate and meaningful business requirements
Research, design, and implement technical solutions to satisfy business requirements
Present analysis/ insight in thoughtful and intuitive forms and visualisations

Skills
Required
Intermediate-level SQL (MSSQL)
Advanced Python/R for data retrieval, pre-processing and analysis

Desirable
Experience with NoSQL technologies (e.g. ElasticSearch)
Experience with Data Warehouses/ Data Lakes
Scikit learn/ TensorFlow/ NLTK
Microsoft Certification
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Marketing & Advertising
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology