Data & Insights Analyst
Digital Voices
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Rebecca Edwards
People and Culture Manager at Digital Voices
Send InMail
 Are you a confident and organised data enthusiast with a great eye for detail? Here at Digital Voices, the UK’s only YouTube specialist influencer marketing agency, are seeking a Data and Insights Analyst to join our rapid-growing team. We are seeking for someone to fully immerse themselves within the team and to define, collect and analyse marketing agency insights to help drive each of our marketing campaigns.

We are looking for someone to:

Dive into the Influencer Marketing world 
Build strong stakeholder relationships  
Provide detailed view of each marketing campaign across a range of content channels including YouTube, TikTok, Instagram and others 
Assist our Creative Strategist team with new business pitches and insights
Work on innovative and new projects to understand content performance 
Design an in-depth reporting methodology for campaigns
Extract and analyse data with the aim to build comprehensive reporting and to succinctly communicate ideas, insights and concise recommendations
Identify and evaluate business risks and opportunities; identifying options to mitigate the risks and exploiting the opportunities
Help the wider business become more data driven by delivering insights that drive real commercial impact
Help develop and build an industry-first Machine Learning data-tool (we’ll hire a Developer alongside you for this project)
Fully engage in the company culture and think about the future of Digital Voices
Most importantly, to learn something new!

About you:

You need to be passionate about data, analytics and learning new skills. You’ll have deep previous SQL experience and knowledge of marketing agency insights, including where to find them, alongside research for insights to drive marketing campaigns. 

You’ll need to be confident working across a range of different campaigns and be comfortable with organising and analysing large datasets, and manipulating analytics data to help drive the optimisation of each campaign from social platforms. 

You’ll have:
3-5 years of experience working in a data role
Strong numeracy and analysis skills
Deep SQL knowledge 
The ability to be able to explain the technical details of data and analytics in a non-technical way to team members
Experience of working with social media platforms (particularly YouTube)
Ability to gather, understand & interpret business requirements
Capability to independently problem solving and make decisions
Passion for data visualisation
Love helping people learn new skills
A strong analytical mindset
Excellent written and spoken communication skills
You're proactive and feel comfortable adapting to change in a fast-paced work environment
The confidence to work independently and with other team members

About us:

We are a growing team of creative people who believe in making branded content that keeps people watching. Everyone at Digital Voices is passionate about building the Creator Economy and making a positive impact. We are data-driven and use data tools to help spot gaps in the market to create campaigns we are proud of.  As well as working alongside a great team and working on exciting campaigns, we are also passionate about developing personally and have made the commitment of encouraging and supporting everyone to learn something new within their job roles.

A competitive salary of between £30 - 40K (dependent on experience)
Enhanced company pension contribution 
Private healthcare plan
Dental plan
Weekly discounts and perks with well known brands 
Learning and Development Support
Bi-weekly Deliveroo lunch and learn
Monthly socials 

Interested? Please get in touch and send your CV to careers@digitalvoices.co.uk

As we are currently working remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic, all of our interviews and assessments will take place via a video call. Please let us know if we can make any reasonable adjustments or whether you have any difficulties accessing video conferencing facilities. 
Employment Type
Full-time