Customer-Facing Data Scientists - London
Mudano
London, England, United Kingdom
London or Edinburgh with UK Travel (post Covid)
Permanent, Full Time
£40-70,000 (DOE)

What Doesn’t Challenge You, Doesn’t Change You.

At Mudano, we’re on a mission to deliver the promise of people and technology and there’s no time to waste.
We only work with people as ambitious and driven as we are, who are excited by the pace of change and are determined to make a mark on the future.

People with this drive and fire are our life blood. They aspire to do and be more.

That’s why our acceptance rate is tougher than Harvard.

Our people. Our practitioners. Focused on project efficiency and business value delivery. Passionate about removing bias and guesswork and replacing it with informed, objective decision-making.

Accenture Applied Intelligence - The agility of a start-up, the scale of a global leader

Farewell to the Mundane.

We exist at the heart of the Accenture Applied Intelligence Financial Services organisation and lead the direction for the strategy, delivery and growth of the capability.

But we retain our start-up mentality and work at speed, with a common set of beliefs, behaviours and values that sets us apart.

Culture is how we work together. Easy to experience, harder to pin down and define in words. It is inclusive and it is diverse. It is award winning. It is a place for each person to live and work in a way that is right for them.

Our benefits and policies are designed for each person to integrate their work and life in a way that is right for them, as well as provide extensive support for career development, whatever that path may be.

Build on what you can do. Realise the potential you have.

We are looking for hands-on authentic and committed Data Scientists to support a range of different clients on all aspects of data science – from cradle through to grave. We work mainly, but not exclusively, in the Financial Services sector and our clients call on us to deliver the most challenging assignments going.

Job Description And Duties
Using Data Science to solve a range of business problems such as financial crime detection, customer retention, improve product take-up rates and portfolio optimisation
Coding primarily in Python, but also in associated languages such as R, SQL and Hadoop/Hive, working with both structured and unstructured data sets
Often, our hands-on Data Scientists work as part of a multi-disciplinary, agile, team that also includes Business Analysts, Data Engineers and Data Visualisation SMEs
From time to time, you may also be transitioned away from full-time customer-facing work into an internally-facing role


Requirements
Minimum 3 years’ commercial hands-on Data Science experience
Broad understanding and experience of ML/AI principles (key assumptions and benefits of ML/AI; algorithm types; experiment design; limitations etc)
Experience in ML applications such as Deep Learning, NLP, Information retrieval, Text mining, Bayesian models, Graph theory, Recommendation engines
Confident Python ML software coding skills
Demonstrable hands-on experience with ML libraries (such as scikit-learn and/or TensorFlow)
Fluent communicator in both written and spoken English, with an engaging personality and a professional and approachable style
Strong client-handling skills


Benefits

Excellent training and development programme
Comprehensive coaching programme
Comprehensive benefit package including private medical, wellbeing cover, and life insurance
Leading health and wellbeing services and resources via AXA PPP healthcare
24/7 Employee assistance programme
25 days’ annual leave plus bank holidays + 3 days paid volunteering leave
Pension scheme with employer contribution
Cycle to work scheme
PerksAtWork discounts
Discounted gym membership
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Insurance Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology