Data Scientist 4
Oracle
Manchester, England, United Kingdom
Job Description

Join the innovative and dynamic Oracle Retail Decision Intelligence team. We’re seeking driven, articulate, and energetic data gurus with the ability to extract insights from data and support development of deployable machine learning models
Bachelor’s or Masters degree in machine learning, math, physics, statistics, operations research, etc.
5+ years work experience preferably with retail data and solutions
Strong Python and SQL skills
APEX a plus
Stellar analytical skills along with communication and presentation skills
Highly self-motivated and directed
Proven self-learner

Key activities include date pipe and ML system design, management of training data strategy, data wrangling, analytical modeling, demo prep, solution development and deployments plus results presentations.

Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment.
Attention to detail critical.
Ability to collect, organize, and display data for data scientists and executive review.
Thought leadership


Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse “big data” sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement.

Interacts with product and service teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis and experiments. Develops and codes software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments to product, service, and business managers.

Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. 8 years relevant work experience. BS/BA preferred.

About Us

Innovation starts with inclusion at Oracle. We are committed to creating a workplace where all kinds of people can be themselves and do their best work. It’s when everyone’s voice is heard and valued, that we are inspired to go beyond what’s been done before. That’s why we need people with diverse backgrounds, beliefs, and abilities to help us create the future, and are proud to be an affirmative-action equal opportunity employer.

Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology