Graduate Engineer (SoftwareHardwareTestData Science)
geo (Green Energy Options)
Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Heather Fletcher Assoc CIPD
Consultant at Fletcher HR Ltd
Send InMail
We are actively recruiting for graduate engineers across multiple disciplines, including: Hardware Design, Embedded Software, Test, Data Science and Cloud Development.
 £ competitive salary | flexible working |25 days annual leave | 5% company pension | private medical insurance | life assurance cover | blended home and office working | employee assistance programme | paid volunteer leave | regular social and wellbeing events and much more|
We are looking for talented Engineers from all disciplines to join our company. If you enjoy working as part of a small and dynamic team, where you would benefit from working with multi-disciplinary teams with the opportunity to gain a wide range of experience to stretch your skills and develop your career, then our graduate roles could be perfect for you. Our positions would be ideal for candidates who have a good understanding of engineering fundamentals and wish to work for an innovative company playing an intrinsic role in the world’s drive towards net zero.
 We have a close-knit working environment and are at an exciting time with our next stage of development. We offer a great benefits package, which includes our comprehensive wellbeing programme including access to free independent counselling, regular social events and paid volunteer leave. As part of our package, we also offer relocation allowance and competitive salaries. Please apply now or get in touch with recruitment@geotogether.com to find out more.
 *Please note this role is currently 100% remote until coronavirus restrictions ease.

Our Business
geo aims to create a sustainable future where every household can manage its overall consumption and carbon footprint, without even having to think about it. In addition to providing management systems and data analysis for solar, EV and home heating, the company is the leading supplier of in-home displays to the UK Smart Metering programme and has deployed +6 million units to date. A recipient of the Queen’s Award for Innovation, geo combines its smart energy displays, control and automation capabilities with leading edge data science, AI, cloud, firmware, UX, UI and customer insight to create complete carbon management systems.

Requirements
A successful engineering bachelors degree, masters or PhD
Evidence of practical technical experience (demonstrated through practical course assignments, work experience or hobby projects)
A good understanding of engineering fundamentals
A working knowledge of basic embedded software and software development principles would be beneficial
Ability to work autonomously and as part of a team in a dynamic environment
Flexible and willing to undertake a wide variety of tasks
  Applications
To apply for this position please email your CV and covering letter, together with your salary expectations and availability to our People Team at recruitment@geotogether.com
    Employment Type
Full-time