Information Fusion & Data Science Consultant
Frazer-Nash Consultancy
Warrington, England, United Kingdom
Description

Our people are at the very heart of what we do, they are the reason our clients work with us to solve some of their greatest challenges. At Frazer-Nash, we want all of our people to feel they belong, confident in the knowledge that we value and respect the commitment they have made by entrusting their careers and expertise to us. We are committed to fostering a working culture that brings out the very best in our people, regardless of their circumstances, identity or background. We want our people to be themselves, feel empowered to achieve their personal and professional goals, and know that we respect the unique value they bring to the company. In support of this, we encourage thoughtful behaviours and work to foster a collaborative working environment.

We are aiming to grow our capability to deliver C4ISR research for Defence applications.

To meet this aim, we are seeking experienced, talented individuals, who aspire to improve intelligence gathering through the application of cutting-edge technologies and techniques, as enablers to improving the situational awareness and foresight of the UK’s intelligence analysts and armed forces.

Successful candidates will have a deep technical background in a relevant area, such as knowledge graphs, ontology development, natural language processing, data science and/or intelligence fusion. Experience of planning, developing and testing intelligence processing techniques, technologies and supporting information systems in Defence projects would be advantageous.

The work the team is doing is varied, sometimes requiring a high-level view of capability and sometimes in the detail of an analytical process. We work closely with both our clients and suppliers to deliver the best outcomes.

Candidates should also have an aptitude to provide consultancy services to our wider client-base.

The role can be delivered from any of our various UK office locations working flexibly within virtual teams. Successful applicants can expect to have some need to support client meetings and on-site projects, as and when these occur, at MoD sites in Wiltshire/Hampshire/Dorset.

Closing date - 31/09/2021

Requirements

The successful applicant will meet the following minimum requirements:

Strong academic qualifications with a degree/PhD in a mathematically orientated subject;
Have several years of experience in the development of information processing techniques and technology;
Accurate in your written and verbal communication, and able to adapt your language to a wide range of audiences including customers and internal stakeholders;
Able to build trusted relationships and to rapidly establish a reputation for enthusiasm, delivery and reliability;
Confident working autonomously, and taking ownership of delivery; and
Willing to learn and work flexibly outside of your primary area of expertise.

It is to your advantage if you meet any or all the following additional requirements:

Competent in managing a portfolio of research activities;
Experienced in the planning and management of projects; and
Knowledge of state-of-the-art information management approaches and systems

Benefits

We provide our people with an excellent benefits package that comprises:

Happy To Talk Flexible Working
Competitive salary
25 days' holiday entitlement
Holiday sale and purchase scheme
Company pension scheme
Targeted professional development
Life assurance
Private healthcare membership
Bonus scheme linked into company performance
Paid membership fees to a professional institution
Support in attaining professional membership
Cycle to work scheme
Share purchase scheme
Season rail ticket loan
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Mechanical Or Industrial Engineering Staffing & Recruiting Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology