Machine Learning Scientist - Ireland
Overstock.com
Sligo, County Sligo, Ireland
Overstock Ireland is the European software development hub for Overstock.com, a technology driven online retailer. Based in Sligo, Ireland, we offer a diverse, secure and flexible career. Take advantage of our amazing location along the Wild Atlantic Way and enjoy the ride in the fast paced world of e-commerce.

As a Senior Machine Learning Scientist, you will work in an Agile environment, on a collaborative team and work on the latest technologies. We value intelligence, creativity, quality, technical leadership, and a strong interest to learn. Our team focuses on development projects for customer facing websites, international projects and cutting-edge technologies areas such as machine learning and continuous deployment.

Joining our award-winning Machine Learning team, you will have a strong background in AI/ Analytics and Machine Learning. Overstock uses machine learning to drive dynamic one-to-one engagement and customer experiences.

What You Will Do
Design and implement core machine learning algorithms used by different product teams, included but not limited to; search ranking, recommender systems, natural language processing, computer vision, deep learning, fraud and abuse detection, advertising technologies, personalization, marketing, CRM and supply chain
Design A/B tests across various products to validate the performance of machine learning models
Offline evaluation of machine learning models and establish correlation between online A/B tests and offline metrics
Implement machine learning models in production using various in house and on cloud technologies available to the machine learning team
Report results of machine learning models in peer-reviewed papers and technical manuals.
Build cutting-edge e-commerce technologies in all areas and apply ideas in different products across our platform

What You Should Have
Minimum of three years of industry experience as a Machine Learning Scientist or a Data Scientist
Strong analytical and quantitative skills: You are familiar with techniques in machine learning, deep learning, NLP, computer vision and or related fields.
Strong technical and programming skills.
Experience in machine learning, data mining, recommendation systems, learning to rank, deep learning, natural language processing and related fields.
Strong technical skills in programming. Especially writing production quality code.
Excellent collaborator and communicator and are eager to learn and grow!

What We Hope You Have
Familiarity with relevant technologies (e.g. Python, Java, and etc.).
Experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop/Spark
Previous history of writing and reviewing technical papers
Ability to come up with creative solutions and quickly prototype them
Strong desire to collaborate and develop new technologies
Willingness to learn new tools and flexibility to adapt to different deployment pipelines
Strong communication abilities and willingness to lead and inspire other engineers
Education

Ph.D. or Masters degree in in computer science, natural language processing, deep learning, computer vision or a related field .

What We Value
Life/Work Balance
Pride in Production
Trust
Challenge yourself, inspire others
Success through diversity

Equal Employment Opportunity

It is our commitment to ensure that all employment decisions are made without regard to gender, civil status, family status, sexual orientation, age, disability, race, religion and membership of the Traveller community, (protected characteristics under the Employment Equality Acts 1998-2011).
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Other