Associate Town Planner Data and Digital
Arup
London, England, United Kingdom
Arup is an independent firm of designers, planners, engineers, consultants, and technical specialists offering a broad range of professional services. Through our work, we make a positive difference in the world.

Our award-winning town planning team is looking for an Associate to lead the digital transformation of our town planning business and create commercial opportunities to support our clients through better integrating digital offerings.

We are at the forefront of the debate on the future of the planning system and have a reputation for the excellence and innovation of our work. You will develop our digital capabilities and our profile in this space, leading and enhancing the digital and data expertise of our team and creating a critical mass of GIS and data science capability, developing our wider analytics capacity and integrating this with wider town planning domain expertise.

Role Description

Work with the town planning leadership to develop our digital strategy for the town planning business. 
Identify/define the digital skills required, the learning pathways, and/or strategic recruitment required to fulfill these needs. 
Review existing workflows and digital investments to identify how our processes could be more efficient and what investment would be required to achieve this change. 
Create commercial opportunities with new and existing clients to better integrate digital offerings in our propositions, respond to the opportunities presented by the digitalisation of the planning system, and enhance our existing service offer.
Build a team within our town planning/wider planning business focused on leveraging the value of data, bringing novel insights to clients, and efficiencies to our technical business.
Advise on data governance processes and principles.
Support the professional development of the team. 

Essential skills and knowledge:

Experience of realising the commercial value of data.
Experience in supporting or realising digital transformation of a team or part of a business. 
Knowledge of data modelling, data science, programming or use of large data sets to solve problems.
Experience of working with clients to understand requirements and mapping out solutions.
Ability to enthuse and promote our activity in this field within the existing business and develop opportunities.
Experience of leading or managing project teams.

Desirable skills and knowledge:

Experience in the town planning domain
Experience of building / deploying customer-facing applications/software
Experience in the visualization of data
Experience of developing, implementing, and deploying digital services and solutions

Qualifications

Educated to degree level, highly literate, and an experienced user of MS Office software.

Rewards and Benefits - We care about you and want you to perform at your best. As a result, we offer one of the best benefits packages in our sector click here to find out more!

Flex Your Time With Us - We believe that when talented people collaborate, great things are possible. Arup hires people with proven skills and open minds. We are a diverse community of people with shared values, who believe there’s no limit to what we can achieve if we work together. Back in 1970 our founder, Ove Arup, spoke passionately about the value of a diverse workforce. Fifty years later, this belief remains central to how we operate and grow.
We also understand that everyone’s circumstances are different and it’s not always easy to commit to standard working hours. If flexibility is important to you let us know when you apply and we'll discuss how this could work in your role. 

What Happens Next? 
All applications will be considered, and we will try our very best to respond to you within 72 hours of receiving your application. Once we’ve reviewed your application, we’ll get in touch for a short telephone interview if we’d like to take things further. Whether your application is successful or not, you’ll always hear back from us.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Design
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Consulting