Data Scientist
EPAM Systems
London, England, United Kingdom
EPAM is committed to providing our global team of more than 41,150 EPAMers with inspiring careers from day one. EPAMers think creatively and lead with passion and honesty. Our people are the source of our success. We value collaboration, work in partnership with our customers, and strive for the highest standards of excellence. In today’s market conditions, we’re supporting operations for hundreds of clients around the world remotely. No matter where you are located, you’ll join a dedicated, diverse community that will help you discover your fullest potential.

Description

Does a good actionable data use case excite you? Are you passionate about using large data sets to find opportunities for actionable business improvement? Are you the type of person who loves data decision-making?
Look no further than EPAM where we live and breathe technology and we are currently investing in and building our Global Data Practice.

Responsibilities

Analyse:

Tackle a large range of ML problems from: NLP, deep learning, computer vision, optimisation, risk/fraud, anomaly detection, demand forecasting
Perform statistical analysis, hypothesis testing and experimentation
Conduct analysis and build predictive and ML models across a broad range of industries
Provide unique insights from large volumes of data (and sometimes small data too!)
Tell meaningful stories to the business through stunning data visualisation

Engineer:

Create model pipelines for feature engineering, missing value treatment and/or outlier detection
Work with ML cloud technologies to automate training and monitoring of models
Write quality code according to guidelines and best practices

Organise:

Work in an agile environment
Work with version control systems
Translate requirements and acceptance criteria into ML implementations
Provide estimates for ML activities
Help to educate stakeholders on data-driven decisioning, mentor junior colleagues, and interact with EPAMers and clients from other areas (e.g. solution architects, developers, UX designers...)



Requirements

Good experience working in a Data Scientist role
You enjoy maths and probability
Solid understanding of common techniques in ML and Deep Learning
Speciality in one of: classification/regression, time series forecasting, NLP, deep learning, optimisation
Python and SQL are your day to day languages, and you follow best coding practices
Maybe you are also profficient in other programming languages (e.g. R, Scala)
Knowledge of Apache Spark is a plus
Experience with visualisation libraries (matplotlib, plotly) and frontend tools (e.g. Bokeh, PowerBI, Tableau)
Good understanding of the Data Science Life Cycle
Have had some exposure to cloud ML functionality (e.g. MS Azure, AWS, or GCP)
Bonus points if you have experience with end-to-end ML systems
Understanding business requirements and ability to translate it to data science approaches

We offer

We offer a range of benefits including
A competitive group pension plan, life assurance and income protection
Private medical insurance, private dental care and critical illness cover
Cycle scheme Tech scheme and season ticket loan
Employee assistance program
Various perks such as Gym discount, Friday lunch, on-site massage and regular social events
Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
Some of these benefits may be available only after you have passed your probationary period


Apply
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Science Analyst Information Technology