Data Scientist
HackerOne
Northmoor Green or Moorland, England, United Kingdom
This is an exciting time to join us as a data scientist. We are using the latest tools and techniques to evolve our business intelligence platform and to achieve our objective of data democratization across the company.

You will have a point of view on data science best practices and will play a key role in the evolution and implementation of our strategy. You will work with analysts and stakeholders across the company on internal and customer focussed topics and must be curious, collaborative and analytical.

Mission of the BI Team at HackerOne

Data & analytics is key to what we do at HackerOne, and our BI team brings deep analytical, technical, partnering and consulting skills to help our customers and internal teams understand the success, efficiency and effectiveness of our customers programs and our internal operations.

Your Journey at HackerOne
Partner with stakeholders across the company (customer success, community, sales, marketing, finance and product) to establish and document data requirements
Own business KPIs, monitoring on-going applicability and relevance as we continue to grow and develop our business
Champion the overall data & BI strategy at HackerOne by sharing knowledge, techniques and standards
Identify, document and promote data analytics best practices
Establish operating processes to ensure operational excellence and openness
Introduce standard methodologies and principles around analytics and governance to enable consistent delivery and alignment with the strategic direction
Work with our product and engineering organizations to transform business requirements into architecture and integrate data into our longer term platform strategy
Who you are
5+ years of experience in the data and analytics space, with deep knowledge around data strategy, data architecture, data modelling, data analytics, visualizations, AI & ML
Experience in Business Process Re-Engineering, Process Management, Solution design and Project Management for business intelligence engagements
Knowledgeable in data transformation processes, data pipelines, API integrations
Demonstrated ability to present analyses, business performance results and actionable recommendations to business and technical teams
Intellectually curious and analytically rigorous with a collaborative work style
Proficiency in SQL, Looker, Snowflake, DBT
Strong analytical, verbal, and written communication skills
BS / MS in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field
HACKERONE VALUES

HackerOne commits to maintaining the strong, inclusive culture we’ve built for our employees and our community of hackers. All that we do is driven by our 5 core values. We recognize that our mission is bigger than us, and therefore act with integrity at all times. As a team, we believe that transparency builds trust so we default to disclosure in our communications. Each individual acts like an owner creating an environment of greater alignment and greater autonomy. We win as a team and empower our community because together we hit harder. For more information about our values check out our blog HERE.

What We Do

HackerOne was started by hackers and security leaders who are driven by a passion to make the internet safer, and is now the #1 hacker-powered security platform. Powered by the largest community of hackers on the planet, HackerOne has helped over 2,000 customer programs find and fix vulnerabilities before they could be exploited.. HackerOne is headquartered in San Francisco with offices in London, and the Netherlands.

As a team, we believe in integrity, transparency, trust, collaboration and community. We believe in the positive power of hackers and work tirelessly to promote the success of our community to the broader, mainstream audience.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology