Data Scientist
The Guardian
London Area, United Kingdom
Posted by
Karen Walter
Recruitment Manager at Guardian News & Media
Send InMail
Guardian Media Group (GMG) is a leading global media organisation, the publisher of the Guardian, which celebrates its 200th anniversary in 2021, the Observer and the Guardian.com, which attracts over 200 million global unique browsers each month. We are renowned for our ground-breaking independent journalism and our award-winning digital products.

We are now looking for a Data Scientist for a 9 month FTC.

About The Role

Work proactively with the GNM business to identify business problems and questions including: 
How to acquire, retain and drive value exchange with readers
How to predict and classify reader behaviour
How to anticipate and forecast performance changes due to internal and external changes
Work with the product management team to prioritise business problems and define solutions.
Identify appropriate data sources to answer the question. Combine, wrangle and clean them, conducting deep-dive exploratory analysis where required.

About You

Advanced degree in statistics, math, physics, computer science, or machine-learning related fields.
3+ years experience of working in a professional data science position in fast-paced digital organisation (specific experience within digital media publishing is an advantage).
Expert knowledge in the various processes of mining structured and unstructured data (e.g. retrieval, combining, wrangling, cleansing).
You can see the full job description here

How to apply
To apply, please upload your latest CV and a cover letter which outlines why you’d love to take on this role, and why you’re a great match for what we’re looking for.

The closing date for applications is Thursday 22nd July 2021.

About Us
The Guardian offers a competitive benefits package including a generous pension, healthcare, dental insurance options, cycle to work scheme and 2 paid volunteering days per year. 
We have a strong commitment to your learning, development and wellbeing, with hundreds of different courses available - ranging from bite-sized e-learning courses, to on-site workshops and professional certifications.

It’s the talent, energy and commitment our people bring to our business that make us who we are. Across our business we have some of the brightest and best people in media and beyond: award winning journalists, cutting edge commercial teams, industry leading digital talent and much, much more. 

We are a vibrant and diverse community with many events groups and forums to get involved in. Our Kings Place offices overlook Regents Canal, with the newly-developed Coal Drops Yard, Granary Square and St Pancras Square shops, restaurants and pop-ups.
We value and respect all differences (seen and unseen) in all people at the Guardian. We aspire to inclusive working experiences and an environment that reflects the audience we serve, where our people have equal access to career development opportunities, their voices are heard and can contribute to our future. The Guardian actively encourages applications from BAME candidates.
At The Guardian, many of our staff work flexibly and we will consider all requests for flexible working arrangements.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Publishing Online Media Newspapers
Employment Type
Contract
Job Functions
Analyst Research Other