Machine Learning Engineer
CHEP
Manchester Area, United Kingdom
Posted by
Christina Ratte
Enthusiastic People Finder | Internal Career Consultant | Talent Acquisition Business Partner
Send InMail
Brambles companies, including CHEP, help move more goods to more people, in more places than any other organisation on earth. Our 330 million pallets, crates and containers are continuously in motion, forming the invisible backbone of the global supply chain and the world’s biggest brands trust us to help them transport their goods more efficiently, sustainably, and safely. As pioneers of the sharing economy, Brambles created one of the world's most sustainable logistics businesses through the share and reuse of its platforms under a model known as ‘pooling’.
 Join our Digital & Data Team where you will help us change the way the world moves goods by using information to power smarter, more sustainable supply chains. The Manchester based Machine Learning Engineer will play a key part in accelerating a better Brambles and improve the efficiency of our assets. You will be applying cutting-edge Computer Vision techniques to commercially significant challenges that the business face.

You will:
Have an opportunity to make a significant impact on our business.
Greenfield development, massive data sets with untapped potential.
Diverse challenges and scope for innovation.
330+ million pallets across 300,000+ supply chains, where improvements you make will lead to big outcomes.
Apply cutting edge technologies and to real world challenges.
Improve the effectiveness of the business so that we can do more, with less, positively impacting the environment.
 Key Accountabilities:
Develop Machine Learning algorithms to improve the effectiveness of key business functions.
Productionize Models using Cloud Technology (AWS)
Utilize your inquisitive mindset, analytical skills & ask the right questions to understand complex business challenges.
Present analysis to stakeholders, using Data to justify business recommendations.
Work in a cross-functional team of Data Scientists, Data Engineers, BI Developers & Subject Matter Experts
 Previous Experience:
Building, analysing & productionizing Machine Learning Systems
Use of Cloud Technology, Python & SQL
Understanding complex business requirements & communicating with Stakeholders
Ideally you have some experience with Computer Vision
 What we offer:
Competitive Remuneration package
Annual bonus based on company & personal performance
Opportunity to take part in the Brambles share program
Fully committed to a future of flexible working
Pension contribution and Private Medical insurance
Various health & wellbeing events and programs
25 Days holidays per year
3 Working Days per anum to use for social projects
 As an inclusive employer, Brambles wants to see every candidate performing at their best throughout the job application process, interview process and whilst at work. We therefore encourage you to inform your Talent Acquisition Partner of any reasonable adjustments you might need to enable this to happen.

Brambles employs more than 10,000 people and operates in over 60 countries with its largest operations in North America and Western Europe. For further information, please visit www.brambles.com.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Logistics & Supply Chain
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology