Data Scientist
Go Instore
London, England, United Kingdom
What will you experience in this opportunity?
Accelerate your career in a rapidly growing company.
Working with the latest technology stack such as machine learning, AR and mixed reality, hardware and beyond which include Back End, mobile and web technologies.
Being part of an excellent and talented team enabling you to reach your ambitions.

Essential Skills and Experience:
Ideally you will have a Bachelor's degree or higher in data science, however we will consider candidates with similar science or mathematical backgrounds that can show relative experience.
At least 2 years of experience in a BI / Data Science role.
A strong understanding of statistics with the ability to perform statistical analyses and build statistical models in tools such as R or Python.
Strong SQL skills - able to extract, manipulate, transform and analyse large volumes of data with a high level of accuracy.
Excellent at presenting data visually and using BI tools like Power BI to do so.
Excellent attention to detail - you value getting things right.
Great communication skills and confident working with stakeholders across the business including management.
Able to work independently and keep stakeholders actively engaged over the course of a project.
Team player: you see your work as part of the team’s overall plan, and within that you are happy either driving your own project or supporting team members with theirs.
Ownership mentality: don't just execute what's asked of you, consider whether it could be done a better way.
Can-do attitude: Go Instore is a fast-paced environment and sometimes stressful, you need to be resilient and calm under pressure, and willing to put in long hours when required to meet a deadline. 

Nice to Have:
Knowledge of Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics within a retail capacity.
Engagement with Data Science Blogs / Kaggle contributor would be a huge bonus.
Demonstrable personal project that you can walk interviewer through.

Key Accountabilities/Responsibilities:
Answer business-related questions, make suggestions, and support strategic initiatives as a subject-matter expert on data, tools, reports, and advanced business intelligence technologies
Identify challenges that can be addressed with data science. Develop, validate, and run algorithms and predictive models to investigate problems, identify patterns, and recommend solutions
Automate dashboard creation and enable users in a self-managed environment
Partner with other data scientists, data/BI analysts, product, and engineering owners to define measurement approaches, quantify and evaluate success, develop KPIs, and guide tracking efforts for ongoing measurement and reporting
Answer key business-related questions by compiling data from multiple sources to track vital metrics
Work with senior analysts to report on the activities, plans, and progress of business intelligence programs to stakeholders.

Why Us?
Go Instore is a world leading SAAS platform that provides video selling services to the biggest names in retail globally.

As Data Scientist, you will be a Smart, commercially oriented thinker who is great at solving problems and can think through all the implications of decisions to form appropriate recommendations. Working closely with the Senior Data Analyst you will be responsible for maintaining and enhancing internal and external reports for business stakeholders and customer. You will also be responsible for delivering bespoke data analysis work to support all areas of the business and will be involved in R&D data projects which look to deliver value to the business in the future.

Our culture is critical to us, and even more so as we grow. There are 4 key elements that we live daily, namely: “Supportive”, “Connected”, “Impact”, all underpinned by “Trust”. The right candidate will enjoy working in this type of environment which is devoid of bureaucracy, politics, and silos.

Benefits:
Competitive salary 
Flexible hours and remote work 
Flexible holiday policy 
Enhanced pension contribution at 5% 
Private Health Insurance 
Wellbeing platform Spill 
Learning & development  
1 Extra days holiday for each full year worked  
Employment Type
Full-time