Data Scientist (Financial Services), Defence sector
Xpertise Recruitment
London, England, United Kingdom
Posted by
Harry Duddridge
Consultant – Data Engineering & Data Science at Xpertise Recruitment Ltd – Digital | Technology.
Send InMail
Data Scientist (Financial Services), Defence sector London, £70-95k.

Opportunity to be the first members of the core Data team, this Senior Data Scientist position will have a hands-on approach with lots of collaboration with the Data team and Non-technical stakeholders whilst leading a team of Data Scientists.
We are working with an exciting FS start-up that is diversifying its portfolio and now growing into to a Hedge Fund with future growth forecasted in the next year. The fund has also heavily expanded focus into Private Equity Investments as an appropriate extension of portfolio diversification.
The Duties and Responsibilities of the Senior Data Scientist.
Skills & Experience
Teamworking skills and a collaborative approach to sharing ideas and finding solutions.
Proficient analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience in database interrogation and analysis tools, for instance Hadoop, SQL and SAS
Exceptional communication and presentation skills to explain your work to people who do not understand the mechanics behind data analysis.
Drive and the resilience to work independently.
The ability to deliver under pressure and to tight deadlines.
Great attention to detail
Teamworking skills and a collaborative approach to sharing ideas and finding solutions.
Needed skills for the position.
Knowledge and experience working in various coding languages, including Python, R, and SQL.
Ability to work in a self-directed or team.
Strong organisational skills
3+ years working experience in the financial industry and/or analytics experience after graduation.
Experience manipulating and applying advanced data and statistical analysis methods to manufacturing data.
The salary and benefits will be negotiable and based on previous experience.
If you are interested in hearing more about this position, please get in touch!

If you are interested in finding out more, please send over your CV and contact Callum Cleaver.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology Engineering Strategy/Planning