Data Analyst
Manpower UK
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Our client is one of the leading technology companies looking for an experienced Data Analyst to join their major Networking project. This role is suitable someone who have worked before in similar project or with strong understanding of networking concepts.

This is a 19-month day rate contract with probability of extension.

Duties And Responsibilities
Analyze data, establish and maintain data-driven changes, data clean-up, integration and reporting strategies.
Collaborate with project team(s), business stakeholders, and DDI or network engineering to establish documented, prioritized requirements and use-cases in alignment with DDI governance and IP management objectives.
This role would suit a highly capable and self-motivated individual who is comfortable using data analytical tools to enable data-driven decisions and prioritization of changes.
Excellent communication skills are required to positively influence customers and stakeholders, and properly manage divergent expectations.
A strong attention to detail is a must for any candidate to ensure efficiency and quality of deliverables and changes.
Create project documentation and map processes and procedures for life-cycle management and governance, including 'as is' and 'to be' business processes and workflows.
This role will also have a strong emphasis on developing user reporting and metrics to support both day-to-day operations workloads and security analysis of threats and vulnerabilities.
A strong knowledge of project processes and methodologies.

Requirements
2 years+ of work experience in relevant data analytics, preferably within Networking or DDI environments.
A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or MIS; Alternatively, 5+ years' experience in IT projects.
Ability to convert network data into readable and understandable format.
Strong understanding on Networking concepts.
Experience in IT Technical data analyst and/or operational analytics or metrics.
Experience working with and understanding distributed computing environments (compute & storage systems, middleware, database, network and/or application development)
Experience with Project Management Tools such as Azure Devops / TFS, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Teams, Jira, etc.
Interested? Please click on 'Apply' below or get in touch with Kavya Krishnamurthy via kavya.krishnamurthy@experis.ie to discuss more.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Construction Staffing & Recruiting Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology