Data Scientist
prosperIS Recruitment
Manchester, England, United Kingdom
Are you an enthusiastic and experienced Data Scientist searching for the challenging next step in your career? Might the opportunity to work on diverse and exciting new projects within a Consultancy environment and across a range of sectors be attractive to you? If so, then please get in touch to discuss this exciting new opportunity in greater detail! Our customer's Data Science team, within their broader Digital Solutions business, is comprised of a broad range of individuals from various backgrounds, who together work on diverse projects, including Front-End Application Development, detailed Analytical and Statistical Modelling, as well as innovation in areas from Machine Vision to Big Data Processing, using Cloud Services and beyond.

Have you got what it takes to succeed The following information should be read carefully by all candidates.

Reporting to the Global Technology Lead for Data Analytics, the role will require you to work both individually and as part of a team, supporting the Digital Solutions and the wider business in general.

We believe that the ideal candidate will have a genuine passion for problem solving from a data-led perspective, who has experience in Data Science or Solution Development and a desire to deliver commercial success.

The Data Scientist will be required to independently design, develop, write and regularly produce high quality deliverables, spanning multiple clients across a range of industries and sectors.

In addition to working on Digital Solutions owned projects, the role will involve working on projects in other areas of the business; especially those where we are launching or developing solutions or analytics.

You will use analytical and statistical tools to deliver value to the business and draw conclusions from data sets, by giving insights and visualising them in user friendly and engaging ways.

The successful candidate will need an up-to-date technical skill base and a willingness to regularly review and develop their skills to ensure the team is best positioned to respond to market changes and developments.

This technical skill base development will also be supported by the team.

As an experienced Data Scientist, you’re an expert who is one of the go-to people for queries from across the business.

Working closely with the team, you will consult, analyse and present results to deliver real business change.

Skills

To prove successful within this fantastic new opportunity, we anticipate that the successful candidate will have the following skills, knowledge and experience
experience in an analytical, research, solution development or data-led role.
cloud services experience
AWS or Azure.
experience of programming, using Python or R languages.
aptitude to communicate with customers, to fully understand their needs and develop solutions.
SQL experience.
expert knowledge of MS Excel & Access.
Other skills and knowledge which would be useful, but not essential are as follows:
experience, or theoretical understanding, in the development and use of machine learning algorithms for predictive analytics.
experience of BI packages, such as Power BI or Tableau.
postgraduate qualification in a relevant discipline, for example Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or Statistics.
Should you feel that you possess the skills, knowledge and experience to succeed within this exceptional opportunity for an experienced and enthusiastic Data Scientist within a fantastic organisation, then please contact us for further information and details.

For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary / contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.

Data Science / Engineering Sector £40-55,000 per annum M15 4GU
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Contract
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology