Associate Data Analyst, Global Partnerships Sales Engine
Google
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
Work or internship experience in an Account Management, Ad Operations, or Project Management role.
Work or internship experience in the online advertising (i.e. ad serving, business solutions) and experience with their platforms and trends (i.e. desktop, mobile, video)


Preferred qualifications:
Experience with streamlining operational process (i.e. automation) and familiarity with SQL.
Experience of using business and/or ad serving solutions (AdSense or other solutions).
Demonstrated analytical skills, operational efficiency, and stakeholder management ability.
Excellent understanding of online advertising solutions (i.e. ad serving) and of key platforms and trends (i.e. desktop, mobile, video).
Self-motivated, proactive individual that is comfortable operating in a rapidly changing industry and proven ability to work well with a team.


About The Job

As a Associate Data Analyst, you will be part of the Sellside Global Operations team, which supports publishers and helps drive accelerated business growth for them through our publisher result and platform solutions.

The Global Partnership Sales Engine (GPSE) Team is an integral part of creating efficiency and scale in support of our publisher result and platform solutions. The GPSE team is designed to accelerate operational activities and centralize work (e.g. operational activities like reporting, implementation, and optimization) away from sales teams so that front-line business leaders can concentrate their efforts on client-specific activities and continue growing a global business.
<[>As an Associate Data Analyst on the GPSE team, you will have the opportunity to work with an extensive range of cross-functional teams on the Global Partnerships side of the business, to further evolve and scale GPSE support. This requires excellent stakeholder management (ensure customer and stakeholder expectations are understood, met, and managed), data analysis, communication, and ability to lead projects/case work independently.

Responsibilities

Support business users via the GPSE menu of services covering Optimization and Troubleshooting support.
Maintain high service levels through meeting or exceeding CSAT, timeliness, and efficiency goals.
Support implementation and optimization for Google’s Programmatic result and Platform solutions.
Provide consult and support to a vendor team of agents globally.
Contribute proactively to the analysis and optimization of processes, internal tools, and product to drive efficiency and scale.


Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form .
Industry
Information Services Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology