Business Analytics Specialist (fixed term contract)
Kellogg Company
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Are you dynamic, a keen innovator, a trend setter, or a disruptive thinker? Then Kellogg Europe is the place for you because at Kellogg’s we focus on agility, growth and innovation.

Our colleagues in the Insights & Analytics team in Dublin are looking for a new Business Analytics Specialist.

The Business Analyst Specialist provides insights to our Commercial teams in Cereal, Wholesome Snacks and Salty Snacks through the integration of multiple data sources across the region. These key insights are delivered through compelling storytelling, influencing our strategy and driving action that will drive brand growth and innovation for the future.

Here's a Taste Of What You’ll Be Doing

You will be conducting bespoke/issue-led analysis to identify insights for the European Commercial teams to understand current business performance as well as identifying and quantifying growth opportunities for our brands and categories across multiple markets.

You will present these insights to the Commercial teams through compelling story telling and making recommendations to influence our future strategies for brand and innovation.

It is an important part of your job to support the management of our key external data suppliers to ensure that quality/value is high and project timelines are met, as well as integrating multiple data sources (e.g. IRI, Nielsen, Mintel, Euromonitor, Europanel, GfK) to deliver high quality and depth of insight on our consumer/shopper base and consumer trends for specific business questions.

You will be also working as part of cross-functional teams on various projects to represent the shopper and consumer trends and using this insight to make recommendations to influence project direction and success.

You will provide competitor intelligence and analysis for competitive advantage across our categories and markets.

YOUR RECIPE FOR SUCCESS
Educated to degree level in business, analytics, math, marketing or similar degree.
Experience in FMCG company in analytics, insights or category management orientated roles.
Specific experience required in analysis of FMCG markets using retailer and/or consumer panel databases e.g. Nielsen, Kantar, IRI, Gfk etc. requiring a thorough understanding of consumer, shopper and retail metrics and how to apply them in an FMCG context.
Highly numerate with excellent technical skills required to be able to become expert in a variety of agency software tools (e.g. Nielsen Answers, IRI Plus Suite, Powerview, Worldpanel Online etc.). Excel expertise is critical.
Strong attention to detail and ability to manage and interpret complex data sources across multiple markets and categories is required.
Highly analytical individual with a passion to analyse data and transform findings into insights and communicate these in a compelling way to drive action within the business.
Ability to build and work in cross functional teams to drive business impact and work with key commercial stakeholders.
Fluent in English
Growing and nurturing the world starts with our employees, which is why our tailor-made career growth programmes are just what you need to set yourself for success.

With our extensive benefits package including flexible working, which enables you to take control of your work/life balance, we really have our people at the heart of our organisation.

We strive to create a world where people are not just fed but fulfilled and a workplace where everyone can voice their opinions and are empowered to be their true selves. It’s each and everyone’s unique flavour that make up Kellogg’s recipe for success and the diversity of ideas, experiences and beliefs that fuel our future ready momentum and embolden our make it happen culture.

Please note that we will only accept applications that are made to us via our Careers site. If you experience any difficulty when applying, please contact european.recruitment@kellogg.com
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Marketing & Advertising Consumer Goods Retail
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Research Analyst Information Technology