Data Scientist
Cpl
Tipperary, County Tipperary, Ireland
Data Scientist

Reporting into the EMEA lead for Strategy & Data Science, the Data Scientist will have demonstrable experience in data analysis & strategy and will ensure the EMEA business has a robust data driven business strategy.

Key Responsibilities, But Not Limited To
Work closely with business leads to identify issues and use data to propose solutions for effective decision making.
Business lead for data driven projects to build EMEA in-house data lake encompassing of all key metrics across all business verticals.
Build algorithms and design experiments to merge, manage, interrogate and extract data to supply tailored reports to senior management or the wider organisation.
Create clear reports that tell compelling stories about how customers or clients work with the business.
Assess the effectiveness of data sources and data-gathering techniques and improve data collection methods.
Use machine learning tools and statistical techniques to produce solutions to problems
Stay curious and enthusiastic about using algorithms to solve problems and enthuse others to see the benefit of your work.
Skills/Experience
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.
Experience in database interrogation and analysis tools, such as Hadoop, SQL and Snowflake.
Experience in data visualisation tools, such as Power BI, Qlik Sense, Tableau and Sigma.
Exceptional communication and presentation skills in order to explain your work to people who don't understand the mechanics behind data analysis.
Effective listening skills in order to understand the requirements of the business.
Drive and the resilience to try new ideas if the first one doesn't work - you'll be expected to work with minimal supervision, so it's important that you're able to motivate yourself.
Planning, time management and organisational skills.
The ability to deliver under pressure and to tight deadlines.
Great attention to detail.
Teamworking skills and a collaborative approach to sharing ideas and finding solutions.
For more details contact Fiona at fiona.kealey@cpl.ie
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Staffing & Recruiting Financial Services Hospital & Health Care
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology