Data Analyst
Orion Group
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Orion Group Life Sciences have an exciting opportunity for a Data Analysts for our Multinational Biopharmaceutical client in North Dublin on an initial 12-month contract.

Responsible for importing, cleansing, validating and analyzing data with the purpose of understanding or drawing conclusions from the data. May consolidate and/or present data in charts, graphs, or tables. Focused on improving data quality. Works with moderate work direction and is skilled and knowledgeable to the position. The role will report to the Digital & Instrumentation Lead,

Responsibilities
Querying and processing data from primary or secondary data sources.
Create and maintain rich interactive visualizations through data interpretation and analysis.
Integrating various reporting components from multiple data sources
Review system(s) documentation so as to identify important metrics and relationships between them.
Filter and clean data by reviewing system(s) documentation and performance indicators.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Working alongside teams within the business or the management team to establish data analysis & visualisation needs and building the tools to support them.
Create documentation and train users on how to use developed reports.

Qualifications
Level 8 Qualification in Engineering or Computer Science or Statistics discipline or equivalent
2+ years' experience in a data analysis or data scientist role

Required Skills
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Experience with visualisation tools such as Microsoft PowerApps, TIBCO Spotfire, PowerBI
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings.
Strong communications, organizational and analytical skills

Desirable Skills
Working with both structured and unstructured databases
Experience with applying machine learning techniques to classification, clustering & prediction problems.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Staffing & Recruiting Oil & Energy Pharmaceuticals
Employment Type
Contract
Job Functions
Information Technology