Data Scientist
Sky
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Want to do the best work of your life? With 24 million customers in 7 countries, make your mark at Europe's leading media and entertainment brand. A workplace where you can proudly be yourself; our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work.

This role is an exciting opportunity for a Data Scientist looking to take the next step in their career and make a significant contribution to our Strategic Insights function. As a member of the Analytics team within Strategic Insights, you will get the opportunity to use data & insights to fuel Sky Ireland's success by unearthing what consumers do and love. We look to exploit our data to influence Sky strategies and support key decision makers in Sky Ireland.

What You'll Do
Work on a variety of data science projects including insights deep-dives, predictive models, segmentations, pricing analyses and ad-hoc analyses that explore and identify opportunities for the business
Contribute to all stages of an analytics project, from engaging with our business stakeholders, to extracting and preparing data, and running analyses that produce reliable and robust results
Be part of a high-performing team that looks to influence both Trading and Strategic decisions within Sky
Be challenged to think commercially, and to partner with our business stakeholders to maximise the impact and value of our analyses
Develop strong relationships with the team's stakeholders and be a key part of how the wider Sky team delivers on its goals and targets
What You'll Bring
Considerable experience in an analytics role where you used advanced analytics techniques such as predictive modeling, segmentation, analytics deep-dives, etc.
A real passion to unlock the insights & stories in our data, and work with our stakeholders to see those insights help us deliver on business priorities
A self-starter approach, enjoying the energy of a fast-paced environment and who has strong multi-tasking abilities and resilience
Strong knowledge of SQL. Proficiency in Python, R or SAS
Someone with curiosity about our customers, our data and how we could do things differently and better
Masters level education preferred, graduate in mathematics, computer science, physical sciences or other quantitative discipline
The Rewards

There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Where You'll Work

Dublin

Our striking Ireland HQ has an A-list location on Burlington Road, walking distance from central Dublin. Grand Canal Dock and Pearse train stations are both around 1.5km away, and we're a short stroll from the buses of Baggot Street, Leeson Street and Waterloo Road. There's plenty of parking for cyclists and drivers, too.

Inclusion

Recognised as an 'Inclusive Top 50 Employer' and a 'Times Top 50 Employer for Women', we're working hard to ensure we're a truly inclusive place to work. This means we don't just look at your CV. We're more focused on who you are and the potential you'll bring to Sky. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we're happy to discuss flexible working.

And we'll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you.

Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can't wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.

Just so you know: if your application is successful, we'll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer.

Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Financial Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology