Graduate Data Scientist- AutoEntry
Sage
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Job Description

As a part of our team, you will be contributing to machine learning solutions to help steer the direction of the Autoentry teams Data Science and Machine Learning effort. You will have chances to innovate, contribute and make an impact.

You will help designing, developing, delivering, and maintaining high quality machine learning solutions that contribute to the success of Sage and to develop the Machine Learning (ML) technology to reduce the need for manual processing and data entry.

Key Responsibilities Key Accountabilities And Decision Ownership
Complete all required training and mentoring sessions
Look to increase both technical ability and domain knowledge through active participation in the project development life cycle.
Contribute to developing and maintaining high quality data science and machine learning solutions.
Work with data scientists to analyze, visualize and extract insights from data.
Train, test and tune ML models for production.
Presenting findings and results to the wider team.
Building and maintaining good working relationships with various members within the team
Keep up to date with relevant technology areas.
Seek out and act upon feedback from team members
Actively contribute to retrospectives/debriefs in areas of responsibility to develop the teams’ abilities
Key Performance Indicators
Deliver quality data analytics and ML solutions
Complete assigned development tasks to agreed level of quality and by the required deadline.
Complete required training.
Provide accurate, detailed and timely estimates and track own activities against plan
Must Have

Skills, know-how and experience:
Understanding of statistical and machine learning techniques
Analytical, quantitative, problem-solving and critical thinking skills
Proficiency in English language, verbal and written
Articulate with excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to maintain effective working relationships
Preferred
1-year practical experience, or professional experience
Technical / Professional Qualifications
BS, MS in Data Science, Computer Science, Quantitative Finance, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, or equivalent quantitative field
Some experience working on a machine learning project, either as part of your degree, work experience and/or on a personal project (Kaggle, Hackathons, Datathons, etc)
Familiarity with Python/R, and data science and ML frameworks such as pandas, scikit-learn, or similar.
Basic knowledge of NLP and Accounting/Finance domain is a plus.
Entry Requirements

A relevant STEM degree or an alternative degree supported by a keen interest in Data Science.

Our Graduate Recruitment Process
Apply online with CV
Complete screening
Complete video interview (You will receive a link to complete a video interview within 1 week of applying)
Attend Assessment Centre (Held August 2021)
If successful, you would join our Graduate Programme on 4th October 2021
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Marketing & Advertising Computer Software Internet
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology