Planning and Insight Manager
Woodie's
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
Posted by
Tanyia Rochford Assoc. CIPD
HR Advisor at Woodie's
Send InMail
Woodie's is the market-leading DIY, Home& Garden retailer in Ireland with 35 stores nationwide and an online presence. We are proud to be listed as Ireland's Top Retailer by Great Places to Work and an official "Best Workplace for Women" for the past three years! We are also recognised by the Irish Centre for Diversity & Inclusion as an accredited "Investor in Diversity"
Role Purpose:
Leading the delivery of our Planning and Insights strategy.
Key Responsibilities:
Lead the planning process to inform the overall commercial and marketing plan; setting up the processes and structures to advise brand, product and promotional strategies and customer communications.
Lead customer insights generation, defining key overall trends using outstanding research methodologies.
Use market research to encourage action across the business by delivering strategic and tactical insights.
Work closely with our Data Scientist to manage customer segmentation on an ongoing basis, crafting personas, adding to the understanding of our customer base.
Provide outstanding marketing and performance management analysis to track return on investment.
Experience & Qualifications required:
Marketing / Digital Qualification (Degree/Masters preferred) with at least 5 years proven experience in planning, strategy or project management with superb knowledge and experience of research and planning tools and approaches.
You will have an inquisitive approach with a clear and comprehensive understanding of retail.
Capable of crafting and communicating compelling narratives blended from multiple sources of insight – both qualitative and quantitative, internal and external.
Comfortable handling a diverse workload.
You excel at thinking both analytically and creatively at different points in order to make clear decisions & recommendations on complex issues.
A great teammate with highly effective influencing skills with strong capacity to engage with partners & leaders at all levels of the business.
Our benefits include
Colleague Discount
Company Pension
Paid Maternity leave
Sick-Pay Scheme
Discounted Healthcare
Wellness Initiatives
Flexi-Wage - Choose your own pay cycle!
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Woodie's. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform crucial job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Retail
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Management Strategy/Planning