Researcher
HRM
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
HRM consultants and researchers work as a team in the discovery of, and engagement with, great talent to meet client needs. Our mission is to grow our customers' performance and contribute directly to their success, through the provision of great talent acquisition services. Our culture is unique in sector and characterised by everyone who works here. We value innovation and give everyone the opportunity to influence and shape the future of their workplace.

We are hiring curious, bright and energetic talent for our research team. Working collaboratively with our consulting groups, as a talent researcher, you will support our mission to provide the very best executive and specialist talent, so that our clients can achieve their objectives.

If you are hard-working, flexible, enjoy a hands-on approach, ready for a new challenge and want to learn from industry experts, then HRM provides the structured career path to success.



Key Areas of Responsibility:

Work closely with consultants to understand our customer needs.
Design and execute a robust search programme, owning search, reach out, applicant and assignment management.
Be guardians of the preparation and delivery of documentation processes for retained work ensuring customer experience is consistent for all.
Work with Head of Customer to build a network of potential lead opportunities.
Report preparation and analyses to support our operation team with management of compliance across key operational touchpoints.
Contribute to wider functions by undertaking additional tasks as may be needed.


Skills and Competencies:

This role requires a great deal of attention to detail, coordination skills and the ability to multi-task across an array of tasks.
The ability to prioritise, working accurately to tight deadlines is essential.
Great relationship building skills are key, along with the ability to manage multiple stakeholders.
Strong organisation skills are a must, being able to oversee assignments while meeting milestones.
You should be a curious problem solver.


You:

Minimum 2.1 Degree ideally with further post-graduate education.
At least one years' experience in a demanding customer-centric organisation.
Excellent written, communication and presentation skills.
A self-aware and task-oriented person with the ability to work towards short goals and long-term outcomes.
A highly organised and flexible person with the ability to grow into a wider range of tasks when required.
High detail and service orientation, strong review and proofing skills.
Great interpersonal skills, genuine interest in people.
Willingness to learn and learn fast.
A strong understanding of customer value.
Alignment between personal values and our organisation values.
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office suite and aptitude for learning new systems.


The Benefits:

Competitive compensation package.
You will be supported within our extensive training and development where we have a strong coaching culture.
We're very keen on professional development, you will be supported through learning and development.
All colleagues irrespective of tenure join a culture team with specific responsibility for shaping the future of our business in Social and Engagement, Wellness and Community or Innovation and Value Enhancement.
Generous annual leave policy.
Long-term work from home options.
Dedicated Wellness, Social and CSR engagement teams.


If you would like to know a little more about our business and opportunities, get in touch and we can have a confidential preliminary conversation.

Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Staffing & Recruiting
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Research