Researcher PHD Student
Tyndall National Institute
Cork, County Cork, Ireland
PhD Scholarship in Mixed-Signal Design for Precision Circuits

Microelectronic Circuits Centre Ireland (MCCI) is an EI / IDA technology centre hosted at Tyndall National Institute. Its mission is to carry out industry-led world-class Analog, Mixed-Signal and RF integrated circuit research and to deliver trained people and IP to industry. 

MCCI is already collaborating with 35 companies and many of the staff eventually transfer into the thriving microelectronics industry in Ireland. MCCI targets real-life applications with its research and currently has projects in diverse topics such as DNA detection for food safety, next generation optical communications, bio-sensing, imaging for security applications and early cancer detection.

MCCI is opening up a number of PhD scholarship positions in the area of Analogue Mixed-Signal Design for Precision Circuits: These will encompass a number of areas including:
Analogue to Digital Converters
Sensor Interfaces
Cryogenic Circuits

Key Responsibilities
Carry out innovative research in Analogue Mixed-Signal IC Design, with a focus on taking advantage of deep-submicron CMOS technologies.
Perform modelling and analysis on the limitations of existing solutions.
Participate on research projects under the direction of a project team leader to design and develop new architectures and circuits in areas such as Data Converters, Precision Circuits, Sensor Interfaces and Cryogenic Circuits.
With guidance, implement the solution on an integrated circuit. This may include system level simulation, algorithm development, schematic design, layout and validation of manufactured silicon. 
Work on collaborative research projects with MCCI industry partners. 
Engage in the dissemination of the results of the research, as directed by and with the support of senior MCCI research staff.

Essential Criteria
The minimum academic qualification is a first or upper second class honours degree (or an equivalent international degree) in electrical engineering, electronic engineering, physics or related relevant discipline.
The successful candidate will be highly innovative with a strong desire to create world-beating integrated circuits research for real-life applications.
The successful candidate will be highly analytical with good interpersonal and organizational skills.

Desirable Criteria
A Master’s Degree in Electronic/Electrical Engineering
Good mathematical ability and knowledge of statistics
Circuit knowledge on Analogue to Digital converters and Phase Locked Loops
Experience in the area of Analog, Mixed-Signal or RF circuit design
Knowledge of mathematical modelling tools such as MATLAB.

An annual student stipend of €18,500 applies for this successful candidate for this position. Yearly University academic fees will paid by the Tyndall National Institute.

For any informal queries, please contact Prof Ivan O’Connell at ivan.oconnell@mcci.ie
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Research Higher Education
Employment Type
Contract
Job Functions
Research Engineering Science