Senior Data Scientist - Growing US Tech Company
e-Frontiers
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
We are currently on the lookout for a Senior Data Scientist to join a mature US start up. They have signed a number of long term multi project contracts and are looking to grow their team here in Dublin.


In this position you will be responsible for developing, implementing and monitoring innovative Machine Learning/AI solutions to achieve various goals.


Responsibilities:

Design, implement and launch innovative AI solutions to improve millions of lives.
Work closely Engineers, Product Owners and Domain Experts to realize the goals of particular projects.
Derive meaningful insights from complex datasets
Stay current with innovations in the field and share knowledge with the team as a whole
Contribute to papers and publications.

What you need to bring:

A passion for problem solving
3+ years' developing and deploying machine learning solutions at scale
Practical experience developing consumer facing applications.
MS or higher in a quantitative or technical field (e.g. Economics, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering, CS).
Practical experience with machine learning frameworks (i.e. Scikit-Learn, Pytorch, fastai, Tensorflow).
Experience of database technologies such as MS SQL, Azure Table Storage.
Excellent communications skills with technical and non-technical audiences.

Desirable skills:

Experience developing and deploying Neural Networks, particularly in the areas of Image Recognition, Audio Recognition and NLP.
Experience with Spark and Spark ML.
Knowledge of software development practices and use of Version Control Systems (particularly Git).
Have worked in an Agile environment.
Experience within Microsoft stack / Azure cloud.

Get in touch if you feel this is an opportunity of interest to you. I can provide you with more details about the company and what they are looking to achieve.


Email: derek.mccormack@e-frontiers.ie


Client is open to sponsorship for candidates who are based in Ireland with the right level of commercial experience.

Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
Computer Hardware Information Technology & Services Market Research
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Analyst Engineering Information Technology