Senior Data Scientist
Zazzle
Cork, County Cork, Ireland
Why Zazzle?

Creativity. Customization. Connection, through Products and Designs

We are a People-Powered Design Platform.

At Zazzle, our people are our passion. We seek talented and innovative thinkers in the industry that we love.

Zazzle is a global marketplace where designers and makers converge to make one-off custom products. Zazzle enables world-class brands and independent designers & artists to unlock their entire libraries of content, making it available for purchase and customization by consumers. Zazzle’s innovative on-demand retail and technology platform creates a marketplace where users can instantly create, personalize, purchase and sell a near infinite array of products online.

We are looking for a talented Senior Data Scientist to help steer Zazzle’s data-driven growth. As a senior member of the Data Science team, you will be leading projects from ideation to product launch. You will use disparate and unstructured data-sources (ranging in size from kilobytes to terabytes) to help acquire and retain customers, drive pricing optimizations, and improve onsite user and bot experiences. Given the cross-functional nature of these projects, you will work closely with Engineering, Product, Marketing (SEO, SEM, email, etc.) and more. Great communication is crucial.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with Product & Marketing managers to help build scalable solutions that contribute to Zazzle’s Growth.
Create and maintain predictive models which help us solve key business problems around audience (segmentation), personalization (recommendations), discount optimization and attribution modelling.
Design and execute experiments to measure the revenue impact of Data Science initiatives (AB Tests, Causal Impact, etc)
Oversee the process of building entire data products to get your work in front of millions of Zazzle Members.
Providing coaching and mentorship to more junior members of the Data Science and Analytics teams.
Key Requirements
4+ years previous experience in a Data Science role.
Proven track record of building end-to-end data products using Machine Learning.
A background building customer-focused models such as LTV & churn prediction, or propensity modelling.
Expert knowledge of both Python and SQL, and fluency working with data in both.
Great understanding of software development practices and version control (git).
Exposure to cloud-based infrastructure (AWS, GCP)
Experience working in an AGILE team (Sprints, JIRA, User Stories).
Nice to Have
Past work experience in the e-Commerce sector, or in other online businesses.
Knowledge of Docker and CICD systems such as Jenkins.
Background automating complex data pipelines and ETL processes, with tools such as Airflow.
Experience with building recommendation systems at scale (content based or collaborative)
Experience optimizing pricing or promotions (uplift modelling, pricing elasticity).
Experience with Natural Language Processing (bag of words, TF-IDF, topic modelling).
We celebrate and embrace the uniqueness and creativity of our teammates, designers, makers, and partners! We strive to continuously build a diverse and inclusive culture and community that empowers all of our teammates to be authentic and achieve their true potential. You'll be joining Zazzle at a very exciting time in our growth and playing a significant role in our success. This is a true opportunity for your own personal growth, an opportunity to be innovative and creative, and truly make a difference in our future.
Seniority Level
Associate
Industry
Marketing & Advertising Internet Retail
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology