Software Engineer
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Galway, County Galway, Ireland
Hewlett Packard Enterprise advances the way people live and work. We bring together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers make their mark on the world.

Our new innovative IT services organization is HPE Pointnext. We have the expertise to advise, integrate, and accelerate our customers’ outcomes from their digital transformation.

At Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), we put our customers first, we partner, innovate and act with uncompromising integrity. These values combine to help us to advance the way people live and work, by engineering experiences that unlock your full potential.

Responsibilities
Develops high quality software using agile techniques
Provides technical leadership and contributes to the application architecture
Drives technology and software development best practices into the team
Works with the team, architects and the product owner to understand, estimate and refine the product backlog
Participates in all Scrum ceremonies including planning, refinement and sprint demos
Contributes to the Scrum team by providing ideas to improve product quality, process improvements, guidelines and standards
Knowledge & Skills
Strong understanding and working knowledge of core Java
Strong Software Engineering skills – Design Patterns, Unit Testing, Refactoring, Code structuring.
Good knowledge of relational databases
Experience in developing web applications with JEE
Web technologies such as AngularJS or JSF
Experience with Web APIs (SOAP / REST) development and consumption
Good knowledge about Integration Test concepts and tools (project uses Cucumber)
Unit testing frameworks
Strong verbal and written communication skills through English
Strong analytical and problem solving skills; technical curiosity
Self-motivated, accountable and having a sense of ownership; take pride in what you code
Desirable (but Not Essential) Skills
Software Build and Continuous Integration Tools (e.g. Jenkins, Maven, Sonar)
Agile software development methodologies like Scrum , Kanban and SAFe
Cucumber
MS SQL Server Database
MS Excel
JMeter
Software Test Automation experience.
Ability to work as part of a globally distributed team
Education And Experience
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent
5+ years of related software development experience
Join us and make your mark!

We Offer
A competitive salary and extensive social benefits
Diverse and dynamic work environment
Work-life balance and support for career development
An amazing life inside the element! Want to know more about it?
Then let’s stay connected!

https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers

https://twitter.com/HPE_Careers

HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together.

1083466

HPE is an equal opportunity employer/Female/Minority/Individual with Disabilities/Protected Veteran Status
Industry
Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology