Software Developer
Jaguar Land Rover
Shannon, County Clare, Ireland
REQ ID: 56245

JOB TITLE: Software Developer

SALARY:

LOCATION: Shannon, Ireland

Dreaming for tomorrow is about more than ideas and ambitions. We’re already building the next generation of vehicles, using repurposed and brand-new technology and techniques. We’re doing more than dream, we’re creating the future of mobility and automotive for years to come.

What To Expect

We’re reinventing what tomorrow looks like at Jaguar Land Rover. There’s a revolution underway in our industry – and we’re leading it. We’ve always been innovators. But our future will be driven by the possibilities created by new technologies as never before.

Jaguar Land Rover has long pushed the boundaries of technology. Now digital innovation lies at the heart of our business – because it is central to our future strategy. We are focused on the development of electric, connected and driverless cars that will reshape the whole industry. Joining us is your chance to help redefine who we are and where we’re going.

THE OPPORTUNITY

We are searching for a Senior Software Developer to expand the Advanced Driver Assisted System team here at Jaguar Land Rover.

The main purpose of this role is to be the Engineer responsible for delivering integrated sub systems elements, which may be physical components, a set of related components or software into vehicle programmes. Responsibilities include ensuring the content is properly specified, the supplier delivers against this specification and that the delivered system is fully verified for inclusion on a vehicle program meeting the programme requirements for quality, cost and time.

What You'll Need

It is essential that you have proven technical experience of feature development using C/C++, the capability to technically define/ develop/ maintain software and knowledge of operating systems (ideally Linux).

You will need to have significant knowledge of software structures, software development process and industry tool sets and knowledge of how to define the system variability, error handling and robustness processes.

Although not essential, it is desirable that you have:
Experience of the automotive or manufacturing industry
Experience of building and managing multiple internal and external relationships in complex stakeholder environments
Python, Bash or other scripting
Full Driving Licence
In addition to the technical requirements of the role, you need to be an individual with a customer first mindset who can work well both as an individual and as part of team. You need to be a good communicator and have a passion for continuous technical improvement.

SO WHY US?

Bring all this to the home of premium innovation, and you’ll find the opportunities to further your career with a world-class team, a discounted car purchase and lease scheme for you and your family, membership of a competitive pension plan and private medical cover. All this and more makes Jaguar Land Rover the perfect place to continue your journey.

Jaguar Land Rover is committed to equal opportunity for all.
Seniority Level
Entry level
Industry
Information Technology & Services Computer Software Automotive
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Engineering Information Technology