UX Researcher
Microsoft
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
UX Researcher, Modern Workplace Transformation

Modern Workplace Transformation is a team dedicated to revolutionizing productivity for our Financial Services, Retail, Healthcare and Civilian Government customers. Using Microsoft Teams to pull through M365 and broader Microsoft capabilities, we seek to digitize and transform Industry business processes to empower our customers.

We are seeking a strong User Experience Researcher to join our globally distributed and multi-disciplinary team focused on Microsoft 365. Our success is dependent on building teams that include people from different backgrounds and experiences who can challenge each other’s assumptions with fresh perspective. To that end, we look for diverse applicants, including those from historically underrepresented groups. We’re especially looking for someone who wants to learn, grown, and embody new ways of working.

In this role, you’ll leverage your skills in mixed methods. Your efforts will strengthen the team’s collective understanding of core user journeys specific to the Firstline Worker’s needs and expectations in their respective industries. Insights will guide near and long-term investments across a variety of partner teams. You’ll work closely with UX Designers, other user researchers, data science, and engineering teams to ensure that we’re addressing the most critical user needs and opportunities.

If you embrace growth mindset, have a track record of delivering results, and you light up collaborating with other researchers, designers, product managers and engineers - representing the voice of our customer - we need you! This position is based in Dublin, Ireland.

Responsibilities
Derive insights from quantitative and qualitative data, complementing other research that you will conduct on your own or in partnership with other researchers.
Define and measure UX approaches, metrics, and work with core stakeholders on research planning. Innovate and develop new approaches to measure user’s experiences.
Build and execute impactful research plan(s) that provide the customer insights needed to impact strategy and UX
Continuously inform an engineering roadmap using customer data (qualitative and quantitative). Key to this accountability will be identifying gaps and customer pain points, as well as potential customer delighters
Land impact broadly from your customer-focused knowledge by working across multiple organizations and their respective engineering, design and marketing teams.

Qualifications

What does it take?

Balance business motivations, value to Microsoft and external partners
You are eager to learn and understand about Firstline Workers, their behaviors, context(s) and motivations - across all phases of the customer lifecycle and user journey
Can demonstrate strong empathy for these users while balancing the vision and constraints of stakeholders

Desire to work in-stride with other people: PMs, developers, designers, other researchers, marketers
Really, you must love this part of the job. The lines between this role and others are often unclear and you must be comfortable with contributing, engaging others despite the ambiguity
Be ready to win together. This team has intentionally designed a structure where we work together

Entrepreneurial spirit willing to dig in
You will need practical and real-world problem-solving skills, as this team moves fast, and your role will be to help unblock barriers in design, build and go-to-market

Other Requirements
3+ years of hands-on research and/or product planning experience, with demonstrated skill in collecting and analyzing human behavioral data to improve plans and UX in a technology industry setting
Either an MA/MS in computer science, statistics, human factors, psychology, market research or related field, or a BA/BS in one of these fields with significant industry experience

If the above sounds like you, we can’t wait to talk to you.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Industry
Computer Hardware Computer Software Information Technology & Services
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
Information Technology